# 21


> [simpleQA start]

## he's had to miss a couple because of health reasons, but you know what?
take one race at a time, and the next race he was back.

## remember?
stop.

## isn't that a shame?
yeah, that sucks, man.

## somebody says no, you know, to a sales job?
well, i just almost got killed 40 times.

## what was that all about?
i don't know.

## you got a gas cap?
we got something we could probably set up for ya.

## you need a flashlight?
jason, i think you're gonna be okay, my friend.

## what are the odds?
probably about the same as being eaten by an ostrich.

## how do you let him do what he does?
i mean, when it's your day, it's your day.

## do you copy?
i copy, a new front axle and a new front wheel.

## could you contact operations, advise the hospital?
we have a spectator hit by motorcycle, no pulse.

## rescue one, rescue one. do you copy?
helicopter 0 830.

## but why quit what you love for a situation?
you don't quit driving on the road because somebody gets in a car accident and dies.

## do i feel anguish for it?
yeah.

## do i hear a bike?
i hear a bike.

## they didn't?
no, you're 13 miles up to the honda pit.

## wow, that'd be neat, you know?
you know, i had a real tight family and we rode motorcycles, we surfed.

## yeah?
my sister raced, my mother raced.

## front wheel okay, steve?
yeah.

## what was your best race?
and it might not be they won, but they had a moment that you're so present in everything that's happening... flawless and effortlessly.

## how can i give back to baja some of the enjoyment i've had?
we started donating time and effort and money about eight years ago here.

## how are you, my friend?
good to see you.

## you know?
actually, we have stopped just to look around.

## could we not put a little paved road down the length of baja?
well, mexico is neutral, so they said no.

## what the hell's wrong with these people?
they're getting all hot now.

## i thought, \"i had a great time.
and i'm in the race, right?

## you know?
i finally realized.

## who?
eight, and 449 just passed a minute ago.

## they did?
yeah.

## started what, 16th?
or something like that.

## when do you guys think you'il be pulling back into ensenada?
as the night progresses, things just get weirder.

## is it not gonna make it?
and once we get there, they start like celebrating and stuff, and they really pump you up, you keep going.

## he's a little wrung out, huh?
yeah, he's a little... he's pinging.

## why is robby stopping here?
because he ran out of gas like half a mile back.

## rob, how many you want?
tell 'em it's pump gas only.

## they look like they're talking to you, you know?
i went to go the bathroom, so i left the car running, and then my ears were starting to hurt.

## but it was a real one, you know?
very close... like a block, you know, from here.

## how far ahead was the bike in front of him?
that was third place.

## why do they do it?
it's not 'cause you're crazy or you got a death wish.

## come down here, how's he gonna finish a 1, 000 mile race?
mark julius, in an attempt to lose his publicist jethro, was off and running.

## where's my key?
we made it.

## where do we go from here?
rewarded with a pin, finishers celebrate all day long, hour after hour as the clock ticks down to the 32 hour time limit.

## same hula gal, or did you replace the hula gal?
no, same hula girl.

## what can you say?
that's baja.

## we only got 364 more days till the next one, right?
one after the other, they would cross the line, dusty and tired, but overjoyed they finished.

## a cold beer?
a cold beer and a taco is what i need.

## do they find glory?
i couldn't say, because the race never ends.

## you know?
that is probably the best way to explain it.

## what kind of mike is that?
active... a 48 volt mike, which is a supercardioid pattern.

## how's that?
these cameras have a lot of switches that need to be in the right places, we discovered.

## what would scorsese do?
talk real fast.

## but where we gonna get joe pesci, let alone a shovel?
editor...

## do you mind?
with the constant... the constant paparazzi trip.

## you know what you do?
you can fix your hair in this thing.

## what were you shooting, herr producer?
we were shooting a little place called valle de trinidad.

## see all that spit fly like that?
yeah.

## who said there wasn't special effects on this movie?
yeah, is that...

## is that you speaking spanish, spitting all over?
allah punished him by making him blind in one eye.

## could you tell me...
where are you going?

## oh, honored one, where might i find aladdin, son of ali al marouf?
i want him to look upon me.

## leaving only two of us, you and me.
so what?

## what name were you given?
aladdin, son of ali al marouf.

## ls this not the dwelling of the chosen one and the king of luck, aladdin?
aladdin is my son.

## from my uncle?
your uncle.

## where's my brother, ali al marouf?
ali al marouf has been dead for three years.

## could he be possessed by genies?
i will cure him.

## where are we going, uncle?
to an enchanted city.

## why?
you alone will penetrate a place from which no one's ever returned.

## i must have the lamp and i've just told you so.
who is there?

## what shall we do?
i don't know.

## where will i find it?
yes.

## why did my uncle want to kill me?
what you will.

## let him go to all four corners of the earth.
strangle him?

## you play little jokes, too.
to all four corners of the earth?

## who started the fire?
i didn't know you could make cakes.

## what do genies eat, then?
nothing at all.

## because the state of perfection is modesty, and the state of evil is another kind of modesty.
do you know why i have lived to be 85?

## are you listening to me?
princess boudour.

## who?
the princess boudour.

## where's that voice coming from?
ajar.

## for baking meat cakes.
and what's that?

## you understand?
no.

## what is this mysterious monster?
it's a goat, not a monster.

## how old are you?
i'm sixteen.

## ah, it's you?
yes, it's me.

## why are you laughing?
i know what you're going to ask me.

## what?
i've already been asked by 1 7 princes.

## why not?
go to my father and ask for my hand.

## i'm asking for the hand of princess boudour.
and will you say \"yes\"?

## what did he say?
my tongue refuses to repeat it.

## i'il have them brought here right away.
you mean rubies and emeralds?

## do you have a treasure buried at your house?
i've got no treasure.

## what?
there is a way.

## how?
the princess must be told it was just a dream.

## and what does the great wiseman say?
a dream's not that's not a dream, and not a dream is not a dream.

## i have even dreamed that my hair walked to the bazaar to buy a comb.
everybody understood us?

## so what?
so you've only dreamed about that beggar.

## i was in bagdad and i saw a goat.
lf i dreamed it, how come mubarak fought with him?

## a what?
a goat.

## me?
the last two days i spent in bed with a toothache.

## i've never heard of aladdin.
tell me, it did happen, didn't it?

## tomorrow you'il lose your head.
how can it be?

## are you in there?
i hear and obey.

## why did you let them throw aladdin in a dungeon?
all you had to do is to rub the lamp.

## couldn't you guess it yourself?
i didn't.

## why did you stuff yourself in there?
because when i wake up and you're not here, it will be so painful.

## don't you believe me?
rub this.

## whose wedding?
ours.

## what does it mean?
it means you're sleeping.

## what d'you mean, i'm sleeping?
they are sleeping, too.

## what says the vizier?
let the wiseman speak first.

## what says the wiseman?
the realization of knowledge is a sign of ignorance, and...

## we're just dreaming.
but why me?

## oh, when we wake up, have him executed too.
you understand?

## and what is he now?
a bridegroom at his wedding.

## and what is that?
to the count of three.

## will you give it back?
i hear and obey.

## who are you?
get in this jug.

## why?
you'il live in the jug.

## all right?
all is quiet in bagdad.

## is that peterson's helicopter?
he was in that damn chopper that blew up.

## where the heii are you goin '?
we're puilin 'out.

## bobby, where's pete?
stiii in the chopper.

## where are you?
get the heii outta here.

## scott?
goddammit, get out.

## ready?
move it.

## why wouldn't they iisten, nick?
we told 'em it's too dangerous to iaunch this operation at night.

## you wanna go to the duty free?
watch the things, honey.

## reaily?
oh, it's iovely.

## what does it say?
one minute.

## you're jewish, huh?
no, i'm chinese.

## what's the problem?
there's no problem.

## can we start boarding now?
sure.

## what shaii we do?
we do what we have to.

## where's my back brace?
robert has your back brace, ma.

## honey, could you puii this for me?
don't kiii me, just puil.

## could i have a glass of water, please?
she's afraid of flying.

## you're from chicago, no?
yes, we are.

## how did you know?
i am from chicago myself.

## you're polish?
russian.

## do you know the orthodox church by lincoln park?
father duchinsky.

## are you going back home?
my first vacation since russia.

## enjoyed yourself?
i feei iike i am reborn.

## what are you doing?
get your heads down.

## what are you doing?
we are prepared to die.

## is everything ok?
everything is aii right.

## now why don't you put that pin back into that hand grenade?
put it.

## do you hear me?
loud and clear.

## where?
beirut.

## american embassy?
this is the athens airport tower.

## anyone ever accuse you of being a gentleman, nick?
not iately.

## grab me the phone, would you, sweetheart?
alexander here.

## lebanon?
we don't know for sure.

## what?
my ring, it's hebrew.

## wiii you marry me?
oh, harry.

## what's gonna happen to us?
one thing is certain.

## what'd you hit him for, man?
keep quiet.

## what are you doing here?
go back.

## what is your name?
eilen.

## how old are you, eilen?
six.

## you understand, eilen?
good.

## you think the captain's gonna show up?
i'ii be damned if he doesn't.

## who'd caii him?
he's retired to that old horse farm of his.

## what is it?
come quick.

## what?
look.

## how could we?
they came off the ei ai flight.

## why?
do it.

## why?
i don't know why.

## wiii we get 'em back?
put them here.

## why didn't you coilect these men's passports?
they don't have passports.

## you?
aii three of us.

## oh, yes?
three american heroes.

## what's goin 'on here?
shut up.

## ok?
everything wiii be aii right.

## no, not me.
how can i?

## don't you see?
i'm german.

## what does that mean?
the selections.

## don't you see i can't do what you want me to do?
very sorry, dear iady.

## do you hear me?
you die.

## what's going on, colonel?
men and equipment are aboard.

## what's the delay?
i'ii give him five more minutes.

## who?
oh... nothing, sir.

## colonel?
weil, it's about time you showed up.

## what is it?
a presidentiai decree ordering you back to duty.

## how was your engagement party?
a iittle cut short.

## do you know who that guy is?
no.

## what the heil, huh?
congratulations.

## what are they doing?
they must go immediately to first class.

## where are you going?
don't go.

## where are you going?
go back to your seat.

## why don't you do something?
there's only two of them.

## what can i do for you?
sit down.

## father, don't you know me from chicago?
move.

## where are you going?
you.

## what are you doing here?
you cailed me.

## what is your name?
wiiliam o'mailey.

## me?
yeah.

## you feei good?
fine.

## ok everything?
thank you.

## now what do you want to do?
land.

## where is the plane?
there.

## do you have the captain?
give it to me.

## captain?
this is the minister of defence speaking.

## do we now have your permission to iand?
my answer is definitely not.

## what is it?
captain.

## what's going on there?
they're torturing a young boy.

## how do we know that?
a calculated guess.

## give us fuel.
any questions?

## no way?
their way is suicide.

## what are they doing there with daddy?
asking him some questions.

## what kind of questions?
maybe... about being jewish.

## they don't iike jews, huh, momma?
no, sweetie, they don't iike jews.

## where to?
i'ii iet you know when we reach the sky.

## we are gonna go for it this time, right, colonel?
damn right.

## how iong do we have to wait?
the generai is waiting for the go ahead from the president.

## how are you, jaffer?
so... so.

## how is the mission?
everything is great.

## shaii we release the women and children?
yes, go ahead.

## section three?
section three acknowledge.

## you understand me?
you iadies, go forward.

## aren't you freedom fighters?
go.

## this is yours?
yes.

## you have some money?
ok, go.

## colonei alexander?
yeah.

## ready?
mark.

## what's happening?
commandos are gonna storm the plane.

## when the other hijackers came on.
what hostages?

## what other hijackers?
aii those men who came on board.

## aii right?
aii sections.

## what the heii is that?
come on, get out of there, mccoy.

## what the heil...?
don't shoot back.

## what happened, colonel?
12 terrorists got on board.

## where do we go from here?
after them, i hope.

## you mean it's all over for us?
on the contrary, colonel.

## colonei alexander?
yeah.

## can i talk to you?
certainly.

## so what's happening?
they've taken the hostages off the plane.

## where to?
i don't know.

## colonel, i assume your mossad stiii has people planted in lebanon, right?
your assumption is correct.

## do some reckoning before the rescue?
it'd be a great help to us, colonel.

## what don't you iike?
this christian place.

## the church?
it's always been here.

## the greek?
he was always here...

## i mean, nails?
pardon me, i've been drinking all afternoon.

## where do you meet people?
i don't know, they're everywhere.

## why, is there a problem?
no.

## why is there a woman here?
it's his wife.

## everyone has a picture for me?
this is an intervention, sarah.

## what do you know about divorce?
precious little, i admit.

## who is this?
i have no idea, but if you're interested, i'il google him.

## are these bananas?
i think they were at one time.

## what are you gonna do, sis?
i mean, really, it's been eight months.

## but if you want to have an affair, i do know a couple of married guys.
i'd like to get a dog, if that's okay?

## we'il let that be our fallback, okay?
okay.

## down low?
just because i want this to stop.

## you think she'd like to buy a handmade, stainable teak boat?
maybe if it came with private lessons.

## but you know what?
if i had to do it it all over again, i wouldn't.

## are you kidding?
i love this girl.

## hey, is everything all right at home?
yeah, jennifer just gets tired of all the family gatherings.

## really?
you're not the wallower in the family.

## me?
i never wallow.

## why not?
you know i love you and i love lisa, but i think you're both better off.

## i said that out loud, didn't i?
you did.

## you know my theory about this?
when you meet, they have the whole story written.

## but if you go off script...... right?
they write you out of the story.

## can i help you?
single chicken breast, please.

## i'm divorced, okay?
i eat alone, usually standing over the sink.

## i don't want chicken hanging around, okay?
okay.

## how are you?
good morning.

## weren't they just here?
thank you.

## anyone have anything exciting happen this weekend to share?
my uncle mike slept over.

## uncles and aunts are very important to us, aren't they?
he's not really my uncle, but my mommy makes me call him that.

## anyone else have anything they'd like to share?
yes, austin.

## molly, you wanna try the sticks?
yep, i'm fine.

## you wanna get your stuff together now?
yeah.

## i forget, is it \"always discuss your personal history with parents \"or \"never discuss\"?
it's \"always discuss. \"besides, i find it comforting.

## so has austin told you anything about..?
about you and...

## you wanna watch it again?
no.

## internet ads?
tragic doctor/ poet in desperate pain seeks...... like minded playmate for long snowshoe across eurasia.

## what do you bet he gets a hundred responses?
we'il start with bisexual asian women who fly fish.

## what about sherry?
i gave you her number.

## sherry?
sherry's 24.

## then why do you want to set me up with her?
she slept with half the guys in my office.

## you know the epic narrative i talked about?
hers would not only be secret, it would be incoherent.

## my what?
your boob shirts.

## really?
\"the more you like what you see...... the more your pupils will open wide to take it all in.

## what if i want to?
you don't understand.

## what if i can't control myself?
you're meeting for muffins in a public place.

## dad?
sarah.

## what are you doing here?
that's a fine how do you do from one of my favorite daughters.

## is that a rose?
it is a rose, if the truth be told.

## and it's for a lady friend, isn't it?
that is, in fact, the very purpose.

## and would this lady friend be someone who might enjoy...... the slow bloom of affection, perhaps?
that would be grand, yes.

## a young 50, dad?
you're 71.

## meandering or any other way?
well, think of it as poetry, darling.

## what?
i'm glad you've started dating again.

## couldn't i once know something before she does?
she's there with you, isn't she? i>no.

## this story is going to be immortalized into family history, isn't it?
told and retold at thanksgiving dinner, year after year.

## don't be mad at me for this, okay?
the last time you said that to me you stole my boyfriend.

## you have 18 responses.
voluptuous\"?

## you listened to them, didn't you?
i like three, 11 and 14.

## do you mean big breasts...... or do you mean fat?
i love dogs too.

## is something wrong?
well, no offense, it's just...

## did i cry?
well, a little bit.

## and what did i tell you?
marshall's girls don't pay.

## really?
i didn't see anyone.

## how are you?
let's do two.

## you having fun?
well, i feel sorry for the artist at these things.

## short attention span.
why can't you be sweet like that, huh?

## you're a sick guy, you know that?
just another in a long line of colossal mistakes.

## what else have you got?
bruno, focus.

## you sarah?
jake.

## does he sleep on a doggy bed of nails?
as a matter of fact, he does.

## while he's playing dead?
it might ruin the effect.

## comforts the poor?
yeah.

## how long you had her?
technically, she's not really mine.

## why did you write \"voluptuous\"?
oh, my...

## really?
you seem very practiced and smooth.

## and why not?
because maybe i don't want anyone else to answer it.

## did you plan on saying that sometime today?
no, i didn't.

## but it's good, isn't it?
it is good.

## so why would you even write an ad?
you don't seem that desperate.

## why would you answer one?
talk about desperate.

## those your shoes?
oh, my.

## where are marc and jason?
they took the kids to magic mountain.

## who do you think you're dealing with?
you're good.

## but then it was okay, you know?
he was a little intense.

## will you forget danny shea?
he's probably a convicted felon...... by now, divorced.

## you maimed his kid?
bob connor.

## where did you manage to find them?
why, everything in this house is handmade by dolly.

## when did that happen?
it's dad's life.

## did you even check all of your messages?
i thought a few were very promising.

## like who?
like the engineer from oxnard.

## in what way would he be promising?
you could cure him.

## what are you doing yelling in whispering breeze park?
look who it is.

## how are you?
hi, sweetie.

## who's that?
oh, this is my sister carol.

## you live here?
yeah, they cater to the recently separated and divorced.

## is my little girl lovely or is my little girl lovely?
oh, dad, don't worry about embarrassing me.

## so, what is it you do, bobby?
sarah never tells us about her beaus.

## do you wear a hardhat?
sarah was the one who always had the boys knocking at the door.

## what was his name?
thin fellow.

## what?
i remember now.

## can i say one thing about mr. incorrigible?
only if you sing it.

## so can i ask you a question?
no.

## if he hadn't left me?
no, i don't think so.

## the nuns?
yeah, that works.

## can i say one more thing?
you love me.

## you know the expression \"she took my breath away\"?
i mean, she did.

## think she'il see you again?
i wouldn't.

## what's up with that?
i have no idea.

## isn't it?
yeah.

## thimbleful of juice?
sure.

## why?
well, for one, austin is my student.

## couldn't we go out in the real world?
i'm not so good in the real world.

## hi, sarah?
it's jake anderson, the idiot from the dog park.

## you want to give me another chance?
i had a couple of icebreakers.

## good food?
no, not particularly.

## see?
they're waving.

## how are you?
hello.

## nice, right?
sarah, mr. and mrs. parseghian.

## i asked him, \"where is the youth hostel?
it's all i remember.

## what is it that you do, exactly?
god, no wonder i live alone.

## really?
yeah.

## does anyone buy those?
nope.

## where's the fun in that ride?
i don't know.

## really?
yeah.

## what are we doing here together?
five, 10 years down the road, gets a lot harder.

## i'm really scaring you right now, aren't i?
just a little bit.

## you know?
once you've got the shit beat out of you.

## why is a dazzling woman like you single?
you can do it.

## what have we got to lose?
after the dinner we shake hands, \"good night, \"never see each other again.

## why would i have one?
for occasions like this.

## you didn't bring one?
i didn't want to jinx it.

## montessori?
yeah, yeah.

## is this the fastest you can go?
i don't know.

## what's wrong?
well, the magic is gone a little.

## do i get my meat?
thank you.

## what's the matter?
he's so cute.

## you had a guy talking and you let him escape?
i'm not sure i actually understood a lot of what he said.

## and are we talking full sentences here or just grunting?
he's quite emotional.

## what happened exactly?
come on, tell me.

## how much baba ganoush can you have?
then we started making out, which was like being in 11th grade.

## fast lane?
you're not even on the on ramp.

## wanna know what we used?
no.

## did it work?
maeve was born nine months...... and one day later.

## wouldn't we all?
man, this is absolutely gorgeous.

## did you race a lot in college?
i don't plan to race it.

## excuse me?
yeah, cut it in half lengthwise.

## you want to mount the boat?
yeah.

## he's kidding, right?
wouldn't that be nice.

## so what?
right.

## are you thinking about completely closing the sale any time soon?
i tell you about a night with an unusual woman...... and you turn it into a business transaction.

## and if we were selling real estate?
we'd be in escrow this weekend.

## what is the new one's name again?
i believe that is marlene.

## with the clock ticking?
because i have someone special for you.

## yes?
he's my first cousin.

## who do you think he'il go with?
tennyson.

## both of you.
who knows her daddy?

## so, what do you think of my competition?
i don't really wanna discuss my father's...

## your guy go younger?
yeah.

## it does seem to trend that way, doesn't it?
when they're 80, they want 60.

## so you didn't see it coming, huh?
no, i thought we were happy.

## you're on this, aren't you?
perfectmatch. com.

## what, just one site?
yeah.

## did i mention that she's pregnant?
go get it.

## what are you doing in the real world?
dogsitting.

## you kidding me?
i'm half labrador.

## but it's a good age, right?
i think so.

## a boy needs a dog, right?
absolutely.

## who else is gonna eat his vegetables for him?
i can't tell you what it means to me that austin's so happy in school.

## hello?
so i know our dates aren't beginning...... or ending well, but i find the middle intriguing.

## are you kidding me?
you're this whole new style, this whole new system.

## do you write this stuff down?
no, that actually came out of my head.

## sarah, is everything okay?
sarah.

## she's gotta be what, 100?
oh, come on, jeremy, be nice.

## fifteen?
you said you were 17.

## june?
i didn't know you were...

## sure you don't want to come in?
we opened a bottle of wine.

## you all right?
yeah.

## it's just a false alarm?
definitely a false alarm.

## boats are still on the water, right?
i hope so, otherwise i wasted a lot of time designing the hull.

## how?
a challenge.

## okay?
okay.

## and rhythm and timing, see?
balance and rhythm.

## see, it's not that bad, is it?
no, i like rowing.

## you okay, pal?
oh, no.

## where are you going?
oh, i just spoke to jennifer.

## okay?
yeah.

## where do you live?
of course you realize when jake gets here, you'il have to excuse yourself.

## i'm sure that seemed pretty awkward, huh?
no, no.

## how you doing?
my brother michael.

## what were we?
sarah left stuff at my place tonight, thought it'd be better to get it back.

## okay?
okay.

## where do you want me to put him?
maybe i'il put him here.

## we've seen each other what, four times now?
i realize that.

## you won't let me explain?
let me do it.

## but the big question is, how will the rookies perform?
you could do this.

## any plans for the holiday?
dad's house, a thousand relatives.

## how about you?
eric's parents are back in town.

## are we okay?
sure.

## why wouldn't we be?
i had no idea you and bobby were...

## you're not afraid that'd be too sentimental?
no.

## did i tell you she was a teacher?
preschool.

## you want kids?
oh, yeah.

## what do you mean, \"if\"?
his mother and my mother were sisters.

## ron detmer?
he's my optometrist.

## how many fingers am i holding up?
sarah, great news.

## why don't i believe you?
look, you care about someone, they're in a lot of pain, you cut them some slack.

## let alone birthdays and religious affiliations?
i have it all on a disk.

## are we still talking about me?
because i can't tell anymore.

## you see?
i'il be right there.

## hi, can i..?
look who's here.

## you wanna at least hear the specials?
i'm supposed to tell them to you, that's all.

## you wanna talk about it?
you know, you're not a bartender.

## have you tried the internet?
i mean, it really works.

## why not?
and i've been to italy a lot too.

## big fat guy, right?
before that, switzerland.

## were you surprised that i called?
little bit.

## what time is it?
it's a little after 9.

## do you mind if we take that and go?
i don't wanna run into traffic.

## you gonna eat that?
no.

## really?
it's just that you told me nothing happened.

## you mad at me?
no, i'm not mad at you.

## these aren't even real, are they?
sorry.

## what about that cute guy i met?
condom man.

## condom man?
sounds like a superhero.

## you think your friend still wants to buy my boat?
let him chop it up, stick it on his wall.

## seriously?
tell him to come by the boat basin this weekend.

## where have you been all my life?
waiting for you.

## you know that, don't you?
i do.

## that's not too gay?
no.

## what color?
white.

## what color nail?
after wax.

## what do you think?
your nail, not mine.

## not much love life, huh?
not getting younger.

## why do i always get the surly manicurist?
i don't know.

## does a good job, right?
oh, my god.

## what do they call those?
pot sticker, with the potholders.

## really?
yeah.

## why?
it's so depressing.

## they're communists, right?
yeah.

## do you want to be russians tonight?
let's go.

## you're not coming in?
no, i'm kind of tired.

## aren't we gonna do the russian thing?
that's russian for \"no.

## was it something that i did..?
no, no, no.

## and you'd really like it to, wouldn't you?
i can't take this.

## you like her?
she's a handsome boat.

## you built this boat yourself?
yes, sir.

## you build boats?
no, no.

## why would you do a thing like that?
it's a long story.

## am i right?
she was a unique constellation of attributes.

## universe is designed to break your heart, yes?
a philosopher as well as an artist.

## carol called you, didn't she?
she's afraid i'm getting into my pajamas again.

## any word from aunt eileen?
she said to tell you that casey donovan was adopted.

## what did you just say?
it's a nice turn of phrase, but it's not my own.

## is he here?
no, he isn't.

## you're \"must love dogs, \"aren't you?
you've already crushed him, he's been moping for weeks.

## where is he?
i can't tell you that.

## where is he?
i'm not telling you.

## jake?
jake.

## what are you doing?
all right.

## was there something you wanted to say to me?
yes.

## what's up?
i owe you my story.

## hi, how can i..?
don't worry, i got it.

## and do you have any dog bones back there?
if you do, throw them in the cart.

## what are the specials today?
yes.

## how many people are actually in this family?
oh, that's a great story.

## how we met?
no.

## tennyson?
no.

## who knows her daddy?
oh, my gosh, i did not think i was ready to settle down...... but look at the size of this rock.

## and you want to know what else?
i'm gonna get a cute little tattoo...... in someplace that's n o n of your business.

## and wanna know what it's gonna say?
mrs. casey donovan.

## and you think you have all this worldly experience, right?
that's point a.

## you get confused, right?
no, a f riend told me.

## been here long?
no, but i've been here bef ore.

## do you like the place?
no means of escape.

## don't you know the story?
it was all the gossip last year.

## will you start?
you are still the same... as though i left you only yesterday.

## what has become of you all this time?
nothing, since i am still the same.

## why not?
i value my f r eedom.

## why not her e?
it's a f unny place.

## t o be f r ee, you mean?
y es, especially that.

## have you never noticed this?
i've never had such a good guide bef ore.

## are there so many secrets here?
legions.

## why do you look at me like that?
you hardly seem to remember me.

## what if you play first?
309, 307, 305, 303... chandeliers, chandeliers, pearls, mirrors... corridors with not a soul in sight.

## or are you pretending not to recognize me?
a year already, perhaps more.

## why do they have a dog?
it's not theirs.

## why should i wait f or you?
i have myself waited a long time f or you.

## in your dreams?
and you are trying to escape once more.

## what do you mean?
i don't understand a thing you say.

## if they were dreams... why should you be afraid?
v ery well, tell me the rest of our story.

## where?
that doesn't matter.

## did you see it?
no, a friend told me.

## do you know what i've just heard?
at this time last year... it was so cold that the lakes froze.

## what do you want from me?
you know it's impossible.

## are you going to the concert?
you know.

## what is your name?
you know it doesn't matter.

## why does it have to be me?
you were waiting f or me.

## do you remember?
it's not true... probably.

## what sort of lif e will you have me lead?
it's not a question of another lif e.

## who is he?
i don't know anymor e.

## what was the mirr or like?
ther e's no mirr or over the fireplace.

## what sort of bed?
a double bed, probably.

## what was the view from the window?
i've never been in any room with you.

## don't you recognize this photograph, either?
i don't know.

## what is it?
nothing.

## are you tired?
if you want to.

## where will we go?
anywhere.

## why do you always want to escape?
i kept a photograph of you... taken one afternoon in the park a f ew days bef ore you left.

## didn't you hear?
y es.

## what is the photograph?
as you can see, it's an old photograph of me.

## when was it taken?
i don't know.

## who took it?
i don't know.

## what did you do this afternoon?
nothing.

## were you in the park?
no, in the green salon, near the music room.

## did you have something to tell me?
you look upset.

## are you going out?
i think i'il go to the shooting gallery.

## why not?
anderson arrives tomorrow.

## what other plans?
you're insane.

## which row?
begin now, please.

## which would you like me to take?
this one.

## why delay now?
please, we must.

## until when?
i'm telling you.

## do you think it's so easy?
i don't know.

## a slight indisposition, no doubt?
y es, it's nothing.

## you're f eeling better?
y es, i'm going to my room.

## shall i come with you?
i'd rather be alone.

## where are you, my lost love?
i am here with you, in this room.

## what are you doing?
you never know, might find something.

## are you in a hurry?
we're almost there.

## is that good water from el daba?
yes, a two liter canteen.

## what do you mean, sir?
i asked for substitutes, i expected at least 10 men.

## are you alone?
yes, sir.

## are you an urban vigilante?
i'm a university volunteer.

## what do you study?
literature and philosophy, third year.

## why didn't you finish?
i heard soldiers were needed on the front, i'd be a coward not to go.

## where are you from?
palermo.

## what's being said in italy?
we'il arrive in alexandria and drive the british out of egypt.

## how's the weather there?
fall has begun, but we're still swimming in palermo.

## is that good water?
yes.

## why did he tell me to remove it?
some people have been in africa for two years now.

## what was that?
pvt. serra.

## who was the corporal?
part of the command company.

## what miracle?
that's enough.

## is that good water?
yes.

## is he dead?
the war is over for him.

## our artillery?
the remaining cannons are in the north.

## got that?
yes.

## the mail?
on and off.

## everything okay?
yes, lieutenant.

## how's it going?
fine.

## hit by 88's?
no, by a sniper.

## what?
let's go.

## what happened?
the two linemen were adjusting the telephone cables... and they were shot by a sniper.

## how did he get there?
perhaps behind those wrecks.

## do you feel like going?
yes.

## did you see where he's shooting from?
i saw a spark from behind that truck.

## are you sure?
yes.

## who'il go call tarozzi?
over there.

## who's tarozzi?
me.

## you called for me?
set up the mortar.

## see that wreck?
yes, sir.

## see what he did to our boys?
yes, sir.

## got it?
i'il get him, i swear.

## know why rations arrive at night?
so we can't see all the flies in the food.

## when will we get to alexandria, to cairo?
maybe you don't get it.

## you've become an expert on military strategies?
it's common sense.

## if he made it this far, why can't he advance some more?
if he stopped, something must have happened.

## sergeant, what do you think?
that you talk too much.

## what is it?
a british truck.

## where?
to do some shopping.

## what?
i stepped on something.

## what do we have here?
the british will come get him, they'il handle it.

## want some?
british vitamins.

## all this talk about miracles... what is it?
look at this.

## what would you call that?
when you step on a mine that doesn't explode... grenade splinters hit the pit... and the guy next to you dies... these are miracles.

## and you, how many do you have left?
we used them up long ago.

## how can you tell?
your nose becomes thin and long... and your ears, transparent like tissue paper.

## you're pulling my leg, right?
good morning, lieutenant.

## naqb rala, south sector, why?
i knew i'd get lost.

## these aren't supply trucks?
no, special transport.

## what?
for the parade, when we reach alexandria.

## what's in this truck?
a horse.

## who's going to kill it?
sorry, you're a beauty but we're in bad shape.

## are we lost?
no.

## know where we are?
more or less.

## are you from the pavia division?
yes, that's us.

## we have to drink diesel tainted water?
you should thank god i brought them.

## how long since you've gotten a water supply?
seems you're not doing well.

## thousands of tanks, and what for?
to rinse the generals 'underwear.

## what?
if i transported grappa... we'd be at the pyramids by now.

## i asked because... about 40 kilometers from here... is the sea.
spagna, how long since you've had a bath?

## are you crazy?
we'il dive in and leave.

## shall we go or not?
let's go.

## why don't we stay here?
we'il hide away and wait here for the end of the war.

## who are you?
that the british took you as prisoner and you managed to flee.

## how long have you been in africa?
two years.

## you never went back to italy?
no.

## what is this stuff?
camel steaks.

## where did they come from?
serra did it.

## weren't you on lookout today?
yes, sir.

## at the lookout point?
yes, near there.

## how was it killed?
i shot it.

## isn't this supposed to be a mined area?
i believe so.

## how did the camel get here without blowing up?
i don't know.

## what's the situation?
it's all de mined here.

## can you close the gap?
we'il try.

## any news from command?
we've been cut off, we know nothing.

## which sector will they attack?
they say to be on guard.

## if they attack with tanks, how will we stop them?
that's what i heard.

## you called for me, sir?
rizzo, sit down.

## the depression?
they want to be sure the enemy won't attack through the depression.

## got it?
good.

## lf we encounter the enemy?
leave immediately.

## know why i chose you?
because you're the youngest, you're a volunteer... and the last to arrive.

## we're below sea level here, right?
according to the map we're at 70 below.

## how far have we gone?
about 12 kilometers.

## sergeant, what is it?
it's a mirage.

## what is it?
i wonder who drew these.

## when the ancient romans were here?
long before that... at least 10, 000 years ago.

## 10, 000?
i can't even imagine a number like that.

## know what i miss most?
the green fields behind my house.

## know how to ski?
no.

## see anyone?
no, no one.

## what if the british are there?
they'il shoot at us.

## what will we do now?
we'il go back.

## is it october 23rd?
yes.

## why?
it's my wife's birthday.

## how old is she?
30.

## what are you doing?
fixing the case.

## how are you?
fine.

## nothing, why?
your hair turned white.

## where's spagna?
spagna...

## spagna, how are you?
it came down like hail.

## what happened to de vita?
a grenade landed three meters from him, made a huge hole, but he's fine.

## how many boys did we lose?
at least 20, between dead and injured.

## who are you?
pavia division.

## how's your situation here?
last night was a nightmare.

## what should we do?
take post at point 115, between the 24th and 20th.

## are there tanks?
they promised us the ariete tanks and the german panzers... but we can only count on our forces now.

## got it?
write to me.

## what do they say?
ii duce deems it necessary to maintain the front at all costs.

## and the germans?
they lost almost all of their armored divisions.

## what'il we do?
disengage and establish a new line of defense... 30 kilometers from here, at qaret el khadim.

## the folgore division, too?
no.

## are they sending trucks?
no, there are none.

## can we be of help?
no, i don't need anything.

## you're not wounded?
no.

## want us to send a vehicle for you?
thank you.

## whom did i have the honor of speaking to?
it doesn't matter anymore.

## where are you going?
to qaret el khadim.

## where's command?
there isn't one, it's a hospital.

## how will we get to fuka?
that truck is leaving soon.

## what will you do?
i'm staying here.

## how are you?
yes, sir.

## where are you going?
retreating to fuka, taking the injured to the hospital.

## aren't we retreating?
this is an active war, sometimes we go forward, sometimes we go back.

## will you send one for the injured men?
sure, will do.

## we can only hope something will happen... anything that will put an end... to the humiliation of this endless end.
shall we go?

## lieutenant, how's the wound?
fine.

## want to eat something?
we have some extra canned goods.

## it's the last one?
eat.

## will we make it back home?
we'il make it.

## who do i think i am?
back to what happened yesterday....

## see?
i have an angel's face.

## see my eyes?
they're so clear and blue you'd give your own for them.

## you see my hair?
angel blond.

## you know my aunt?
she says i'm so blond, i iook iike a spot.

## want me to take you in, asshole?
sammy, cup of coffee, please.

## why did you do that?
i've never ieft this place... although someone did try to help me once.

## mrs. jarjoura?
i am claire soulier, chimo's french teacher.

## mrs. soulier... could you come back iater?
it's time for our prayer.

## yes, madame?
it takes me an hour each time to correct your essays... but see, i photocopied them ail.

## did you write them yourself?
quite a few misspeilings, but it doesn't matter.

## chimo, what do you want to do in the future?
i don't know.

## to do what?
famous writers teach there, they can give you a hand.

## how much is it?
i'ii find the money.

## what did she want?
i may go to paris.

## i hear jews give us jobs and pussy... and then we have to spy for them.
paris?

## who knows?
shut up.

## what else?
she said i'm a good writer.

## who cares if your old man ran away with that french whore?
just trying to protect you, man.

## why go somewhere else?
i'd iook iike iess of a ioser if i stayed here with the iosers.

## are you sure he's indian?
of course he is.

## so?
nothing.

## nothing?
we're not about conquering the world.

## who's she?
i've seen her around.

## so what?
my pussy.

## how much?
whatever you iike.

## why do you want to show it to me?
i told you, i just feei iike it tonight.

## but not other nights?
depends.

## why's that?
cause you're not the only one.

## so you've shown it to others?
shit.

## what's the difference?
a quickie, i just iift my skirt.

## it's free and you're bitching?
the offer won't iast.

## shaii i take your temperature?
enough.

## how are you getting home?
on my camel.

## got a hard on?
yes.

## do you want me to take it out?
you can't do it here.

## want to bet?
no one wiii notice, i promise.

## feels good?
yes.

## what's yours?
give that sweet butt a rest, i'ii give you a ride.

## did you see what i just saw?
she and i, a happy couple.

## didn't she just trash you?
shut up.

## olive what?
skin.

## you iike olive oii skin?
yes, i do.

## looking at my face?
yes.

## do you iike it?
yes.

## what is?
that it could take in a big penis.

## how come you speak english?
i don't.

## ever seen an american red barn?
only on tv.

## what were you doing in america?
i spent the summer.

## did you iike it?
there was this guy... he used to work on a tractor.

## and then?
then he came up.

## and then?
then we ate.

## and then?
chimo.

## ever got iaid in a haystack?
there is no hay in shady grove.

## you met a iot of americans?
yes.

## are they iike the french?
they ask fewer questions.

## and what's to become of me?
no one understands me.

## does that lila chick ever talk to any of you?
not to me.

## me?
no.

## are you sure?
of course i'm sure.

## can i talk to you?
go ahead.

## you think a hot chick iike her wiii stick to just one guy?
i don't want to go monkeying around under her window.

## did you hear that?
we're \"monkeying \"around.

## why didn't you pay the biil?
i gave you 50 euros.

## and next month you'ii ask for another one?
don't smoke.

## do you know how much a pack costs?
i'ii teii you.

## what's wrong?
calm down.

## chimo, remember what i said?
yes.

## so how do you feel?
fine.

## lila, do you want to go away with me?
yes.

## where to?
we'ii see.

## are you okay?
i came for my aunt.

## teii me, chimo... do i bother you?
not at ail.

## why?
weil, maybe it's a bit too much.

## what?
a treat.

## you think he'd iike that?
i'm not sure, but i would.

## is that what you'd do?
yes.

## why?
it would hurt too much... to see the giri i love screw other guys.

## is that what love is to you?
kind of, yes.

## ever been in iove?
i don't know.

## you're not sure?
me, neither.

## would you iike your guy to screw some girls as a treat for you?
i'd love it.

## you saw his eyes?
born brain dead.

## why me?
i'm just an arab, dark and curly.

## they buy semen?
i'ii eat your panties.

## want a ride?
she doesn't need one.

## you know you have beautifui eyes?
and hair... and skin... and everything else, too.

## why not?
i don't want to.

## are you deaf, or am i not good enough?
let her go.

## you know her?
she just showed up at the clinic.

## what did you talk about?
nothing.

## what else are you hiding from me?
nothing.

## where are you guys?
i bought tons of food.

## why not?
get iost.

## who next?
your turn, chimo.

## are you a fag?
if you are, it's okay.

## what's this about?
your iimp dick.

## which is it?
i've had it.

## and stops screwing around?
don't know.

## what are you thinking about?
some guys put an idea into my head.

## what guys?
guys scouting around.

## scouting for what?
porn films.

## why did you teii them that?
i thought they wouldn't notice.

## ever been in a film before?
but you're tempted.

## like what?
beyond getting screwed, chimo...

## would you do me a favor?
yeah, i guess.

## could you film me while i'm screwing?
i don't think i can.

## why do you ask me that?
it would be a treat for both of us.

## who told you i'd iike it?
i don't know.

## about what?
you know.

## where were you?
i had work to do.

## so?
since he ieft, you're angry aii the time.

## what was the dream about?
stuff you wouldn't believe.

## like what?
i was screwing 100 guys at once.

## and you know what?
they aii had your face.

## what have i done to deserve this?
i knew you'd come.

## you want to hear it?
yes, i do.

## you saw what?
i saw him with my own eyes.

## how do you know it was the devil?
he told me.

## and the smoke?
maybe it was one of the sand niggers.

## a rat tail?
it trailed aii over the floor.

## why?
to fuck an angel.

## who?
the devil.

## how does he know... it both scares me and turns me on?
what a feeling.

## about what?
i don't know, those stories.

## if you don't, why are you iistening to me?
i believe you, lila.

## father, is she possessed?
calm down, madame.

## miss... can you teii me where it happened?
in my bedroom.

## when?
this morning.

## and this thing, what did it iook iike?
horns, claws... the usual.

## and what does she want from me?
she, too, must think i'm an idiot because i haven't jumped her yet.

## why not teii what reaily happened?
he's so fucking dumb.

## she talks cocks and pussies, and you know what he does?
he holds her hand.

## why do you think she's after you?
you teii me.

## how can she come up with this shit?
she's sick, that's what i say.

## how do you think she got her moped?
from a friend.

## a friend?
try a customer.

## did you see it?
don't teii me you didn't.

## saw me what?
get into a gray car with curtains.

## can't i have friends who'ii take me out for a ride?
so it's true.

## i jerked you off once, so what?
nothing.

## what if i iike it?
anyway, i don't care.

## what about the devil?
you could've stood up for me... but you didn't.

## turn you on?
that, too.

## do you know that?
i even thought... we might get married... and have kids.

## damn it, can't you see i love you?
dumbest moment of my iife.

## could i film her iike she wants with a bunch of masked sex maniacs?
i might go completely out of control... smash everything around and iose her for good.

## what's wrong?
nothing.

## what is it?
nothing.

## what do you mean?
what i said about the blond girl.

## what's going on?
teii your scumbag friends never to set foot here again.

## why?
i told you, that's it.

## are you sure?
heilo.

## do you know where i could reach her?
i love you.

## lila\"?
yes.

## why me?
cause i iike your eyes when i talk to you.

## think you're ready for the show?
02, sam at 7:00.

## yes, sir?
apparently john was on a mission over hanoi, and he was shot down.

## did anyone see him eject?
no, but we got a report, his plane took a hit from an sa 2.

## is there anything we can do?
carol, it's jack and roberta.

## are the kids still up?
no, the children are all in bed.

## are you okay?
one of us could fly out there.

## get up, johnny.
what's your name?

## can i offer you some coffee, capt. mccain?
no, thank you.

## has he lied, cheated, or stolen anything?
we have one of the oldest honor code traditions in the country, captain.

## what happened?
he die.

## where are you taking him?
morning, mccain.

## what is the name of that soldier?
too many.

## how could you let him die?
we did not invite him here.

## okay?
hello.

## how are you being treated?
i'm grateful... for the medical aid i've received and for the operation... the doctors have promised to perform on my leg.

## are they feeding you well?
it's not paris, but i eat it.

## can you repeat them for us?
that would be okay, i guess.

## is there anything you would like to say to your family?
i would just like to say...

## what did you do?
it was unanimous.

## well, i'm here, aren't i?
the destroyer.

## where was the destroyer?
about 3, 000 feet from us... going in the opposite direction.

## you scared?
no.

## i guess we fooled them?
yeah.

## you think i'm gonna like this place?
you're not supposed to like it.

## may i be of assistance, sir?
thank you, witt.

## precisely 111, dummy.
next army navy game?

## you think your daddy's gonna cover your ass in here?
sir, i don't need him to, sir.

## hey, how you doing, partner?
i'm bud day.

## what do you think, norris?
no question about it.

## you got that?
i got it.

## what's the admiral doing, sir?
that could be a minefield out there.

## you save his ass, too?
he's the toughest son of a bitch i've ever met.

## pretty big mess?
hey, get back here, mac.

## is that what they call one of those ducktails?
you're an embarrassment to this institution, and you will bilge out.

## missing the dance, mccain?
my choice, sir.

## you having fun?
a ball.

## you questioning my authority, mister?
lady witt layer cake.

## may i have this dance?
yes, you may.

## your dress sweats?
the best i could do under the circumstances, ma'am.

## ma'am?
miss.

## or is that a military thing, too?
willing to make the adjustment, miss.

## where?
sam johnson, bill lawrence...

## jim, jimmy?
try just the last names.

## how'd it go?
okay.

## same old questions?
they offered me amnesty.

## what'd you tell them?
i told them i'd think about it.

## what'd they want from you?
the usual crap.

## did you make any propaganda statement, or did you say anything you'd regret later?
no.

## you saved my life.
are you sure?

## do you have the names?
yes, i do.

## you happy?
they just released three more prisoners, sir.

## would you like to talk to any of them, sir?
no.

## when do you think he'il be released?
when it's his turn, richard.

## where?
no question.

## what's going on?
moving day.

## why are you doing this?
because they can.

## you keep the faith, all right?
you, too.

## what?
wrap your towel around your cup and talk into it.

## who's there?
bob craner, air force.

## right?
yeah.

## when were you killed?
december '67.

## i thought 100 was the limit in the air force?
it is.

## i got my wish?
jesus.

## who cares?
stan musial couldn't hold william's jock strap.

## did you ever fall in love at first sight?
yeah.

## and you wound up marrying her?
no, that was it right there.

## back when you were a seagull, did you ever pull duty at pensacola?
sure did.

## you remember this one?
after the engine quit, the only place i could dump it was in the bay.

## so, how deep was it?
it was a couple 100 feet.

## so how long did it take you to get to the surface?
three to four minutes.

## you forget about the time you ran out of fuel at 4, 000 feet?
that doesn't count.

## why the hell not?
the gauge malfunctioned.

## and the power lines in spain?
faulty intelligence.

## i thought you were gonna be going home with your girlfriend?
no.

## don't i, dear?
yes, you do.

## what the hell are you guys doing here?
american gls, don't fight in this illegal and immoral war.

## why the hell don't they just go?
right.

## that's what they're for.
go where?

## tea?
no, thanks.

## what?
amnesty has been granted by our government.

## well?
i have to think about it.

## macaroons?
yeah.

## what did they want in return?
they didn't say.

## what is your decision?
i will remain here and wait for my proper turn.

## do you realize that?
yes.

## does your family realize that?
this is yours.

## what candies, mccain?
they came with the letter.

## i am required to give name, rank, service number, and date of birth.
you talk now, mccain?

## did you make any propaganda statement?
i will evade answering any further questions.

## did you say anything that you would regret later?
your grandfather was a man of principles.

## what do you say?
your grandfather was a man of principles.

## did you make any propaganda statement?
he always told me.

## or say anything that you would regret later?
a man without honor is nothing.

## how was his health?
he was pretty banged up in the beginning.

## how long have you been in solitary?
i went down in the sewer about a year and a half ago.

## bob?
mccain.

## you think we're out of here?
i'm not packing my bags.

## you mean the pows?
they're dead square in the middle of the city.

## may i have this dance?
yes, you may.

## or is that a military thing, too?
willing to make the adjustment, miss.

## what was his opinion of your actions?
just every day.

## hey, could somebody dig me up?
there you go.

## what's with all the webs?
not exactly encouraging my toa hero spirit.

## what was that?
well, there goes the old neighbourhood.

## what did you have in there?
everything...

## rahi?
visorak.

## but what does it change?
nothing.

## agreed?
if you think we should.

## this is gonna hurt.
what the...?

## is everyone ok?
we'il soon find out.

## visorak?
yeah.

## do they even have tongues?
all i see are teeth.

## vakama, what do we do?
kollorak, it's nothing important, i hope, seeing as you're late.

## drop them.
toa?

## is it to be so simple, sidorak?
roodaka, my queen.

## you have something to say?
only that leaders are judged in time by the quality of their enemies.

## the toa?
a fantastic adversary, my king, worthy of your rule, and therefore a demise that will be remembered and spoken about for all time.

## proof?
bring me their bodies.

## hello?
darn vakama.

## why'd we ever listen to him?
i'm dangerous, i'm ugly, and i'il hurt you.

## nokama?
matau, it's all right.

## you call this \"all right\"?
we're all here.

## too busy cooking up another master plan?
i'm through making plans.

## and how are we gonna do that when we're the ones who need saving?
if you are wise, if you wish to be your old selves again, you will listen.

## rahaga?
we can't rescue the matoran.

## why are we here?
brothers, we must be patient.

## the key to nongu?
keetongu is a most honourable creature, and skilled in the ways of venoms, not to mention our only hope to stand against the visorak horde.

## but what are we now?
hordika venom courses within you.

## like you?
i am a rahaga.

## there are those that, well, doubt his existence entirely.
rahaga, can you take us to this keetongu?

## and you?
i believe.

## what do you say, mask melter?
i say we returned to metru nui to rescue the matoran, not go on safari.

## and you have a way to do this?
perhaps using your new hordika powers... powers you have not yet learned to use.

## what was that?
it meant you no harm.

## and what about your friends?
former friends.

## and how do you know that?
i don't.

## vakama?
oh, norik.

## what if he finds a really bad one?
uh, now then, we should begin our search for keetongu at once.

## but where to start?
somewhere you know well.

## what's happening to me?
you are becoming...

## yeah, but what?
adriend.

## and ifl don'twantto hearit?
be reasonable, vakama.

## how do you know my name?
i know a great deal about you.

## i'm sure it could've helped our old toa selves, but now?
we'il never find a way to change back if you keep talking like that.

## sidorak?
ruler of the visorak.

## and he doesn't know you captured me?
not yet.

## you're not worried they're going to tell him you said that?
they are loyal to me.

## like you are to sidorak?
yes.

## hold you back?
they're not worthy of a leader like you.

## is something wrong?
it might be best if we wait here.

## and this is something your king would allow?
norik.

## visorak?
i'm...

## gaaki's not going to find her brothers upstairs.
who's there?

## what have you done with them?
nothing.

## who's put these thoughts in your head?
you'il find out soon enough.

## this message, what is it?
norik said they'd be done by daybreak.

## did anyone see anything last night?
nothing.

## hard.
i mean, how hard is it to get directions?

## really?
oh, have patience, matau.

## what do you see?
i can't see anything.

## what should we do?
i wish vakama was here.

## why have you come here?
to join you.

## right?
you are correct, nokama.

## and if you can't help him?
leave that to me.

## tears that reach the sky\"?
it's not much of a plan, but it is one.

## is that so?
it is, my king.

## will all six be enough to please you?
afineoffer, roodaka.

## whoa.
perhaps you'd like to say a fewwords?

## is everyone seeing this?
toa.

## is it everything i promised you?
we'il soon find out.

## how is the horde, vakama?
obedient.

## will you help us get vakama back?
no.

## so he'il change us back into our good looking, toa hero selves?
no.

## and...?
and he would like to offer us his help.

## andwhenwedon't?
i will make you.

## do you think this is gonna work?
aim.

## where's matau going?
there's too many of them.

## what is that?
you got it.

## no...
the matoran?

## i mean, shouldn't we be certain?
if doing so would make you feel better.

## the final blow is yours, roodaka.
what has happened to you?

## where are you going?
finish him.

## without vakama, we are destined to fail.
roodaka?

## there's too many of them.
mind if we lend a hand?

## what do we do now?
oh, i don't like this.

## you want them so bad?
take them.

## help him up.
all right, whofiredtheticklespinner?

## in light of all you've given, you owe us nothing, but my duty requires i ask, will you change us back?
he wants to know why you would want that, being as you've made peace with the beast within, that you might even be the better for it.

## and when we do?
we'il find a way to defeat him, because that's what toa do.

## where'il we put these, lady?
put that there.

## is the baby all right?
yes, ma'am, he's asleep.

## would you wait until the new nurse comes?
yes, ma'am.

## don't you think you ought to call?
certainly not.

## why do i always take it for granted that you're kidding?
hello, darling.

## will you bring up a passkey for that connecting door?
yes, ma'am.

## tonight?
we'd love to.

## hello?
i'm sorry, it's long island again and they insist on cutting in.

## hello, nora?
this is col. macfay.

## quit, has he?
i should have thought... with all the publicity he got over the last two cases.

## the weekend?
i don't think...

## it isn't about business, is it, col. macfay?
i told you.

## can't it wait till you come to town?
no, i'm not coming to town.

## you see?
seems like man's work is never done.

## miss sherwood spoke to you about salary?
yes, mrs. charles.

## it does?
it's getting rather late.

## party?
i'm more like a riot.

## or shall i?
boy, this is going to be a cinch.

## yeah?
even if it did cost me one of the prettiest jobs i ever lined up for myself.

## how've you been?
nickie, we must hurry.

## how are you, mrs. charles?
i didn't recognize you.

## how are you?
i'm fine.

## creeps?
creeps.

## why should i?
it took a genius to outsmart me.

## you wanna touch me?
you shouldn't run him down like that.

## do you mind?
no.

## what have you got?
asta's bone.

## is it yours?
yes.

## is it a boy?
certainly.

## what is it there?
say hello to mr. binder.

## can he talk?
a few words.

## how about it?
come on, see.

## what's the matter?
i was just trying to think who he looks like.

## anyone i know?
i got it.

## why didn't you tell me you had a kid?
well, you know.

## how old is he?
he'il be a year next monday.

## monday?
we'il throw him a party.

## what do you say?
we have to go to the country.

## how much further is it?
the house is a little way up the hill.

## what happened?
you wouldn't believe me if i told you.

## what are you hunting for?
i thought i knew, but now i'il take anything i can find.

## what is it?
not a thing.

## what happened to the chauffeur?
he was scared.

## scared of what?
i don't see anything.

## what do you want?
we're bringing back col. macfay's car.

## i see that all right, but how do i know what you want?
this is the charles family.

## what's the idea of the kid?
we have a dog and he was lonesome.

## what is all this about?
you'il find out.

## is the colonel all right?
bless you, yes.

## what's the use of saying we won't, when we are?
it's a lot of april foolery.

## the other?
i'm the one that doesn't want to be killed.

## how are you, my dear?
glad to see you.

## wasn't there a body in the road?
he don't believe me.

## a body?
yes.

## father, why don't you have dinner first?
then you can tell them all about it afterwards.

## yes, doesn't it?
and i'd like you to meet my...

## how do you do?
this is mr. coleman, father's secretary.

## take this dog out where it belongs.
how do you do?

## where are your manners?
come on.

## now, are you ready for dinner?
yes, i would like a...

## where are the others?
i never knew such a lot.

## what'il happen to the estate if something happened to me?
nothing's going to happen to you.

## getting me on another case?
that penny pincher can afford the best detective there is.

## then what was all that business at the door?
i was just picking his pocket.

## suppose you had someone working for you... and he did something they put him in jail for?
he did it.

## your fault?
he wants a lot of money.

## what do you think?
i wouldn't hurry up my dying on his account.

## was this the man playing dead beside the road?
no, it's his servant.

## have you reported them to the police?
i'm not altogether a fool.

## church?
phil church, an engineer.

## and he's been in jail ever since?
yes.

## you think he really means to kill you?
no.

## that's simple enough, isn't it?
even for mr. charles.

## col. macfay?
the swimming pool's on fire.

## what?
nickie.

## what is it?
it's the dog.

## jesse?
yep.

## dead?
yes.

## find anything?
only them.

## you know a lot about them things, mister?
yes.

## what is it?
it's jesse.

## why did they do an awful thing like that?
freddie, take her back.

## is this the kind of thing that's been going on?
more or less.

## what's he up to?
trying to scare the colonel into coming across with some money.

## could any of the people on the inside be working with him?
i don't think so.

## does macfay really owe him anything?
not the way we look at it.

## and that's your job with the colonel now?
something like that.

## how could they do a horrible thing like that?
i've had him ever since he was puppy.

## how do they get in here?
that's what i want to know.

## well?
i'm afraid the bathhouse is badly damaged.

## what are you going to do to protect me?
if they can get in here to do this, they can do anything.

## have you tried talking to church?
yes, didn't do any good.

## how about making a bargain with him?
after all, he did do 10 years in jail.

## what if i am in love with her?
that's nobody's business but my own.

## has that whippersnapper been making up to you?
no, of course not.

## why don't you go?
col. macfay, it's just the baby...

## how do you like your quiet weekend?
production of lumbers, seasonally adjusted.

## good heavens, do you understand that?
sure.

## understand?
yes.

## do you?
of course, \"you have to have a fair degree of accuracy...

## don't you think you'd better go and see church?
mommy, i'm going.

## what are you sticking your pretty nose in here for, chum?
sorry, the door was open.

## how do?
mr. church expecting you.

## how do you do?
sit down.

## have a drink?
yes.

## going away?
yeah, back to cuba.

## gory details?
yes.

## you mean, the dead dog, and the burning bathhouse?
no, afterwards.

## look, you're not tricking me, are you?
no.

## how does he usually die in these dreams?
he's all battered up.

## it'd be funny if it happened that way, wouldn't it?
no, it's funnier that it didn't.

## how long ago did you leave him?
half an hour.

## me?
yes.

## why pick on me?
i can introduce you to a lot of rich people.

## still headed for cuba?
still cuba.

## now, what'il you have?
yes, just this minute.

## want me to stop them?
no, that's fine, thanks.

## what do you mean?
my guess is whatever he meant to do in the first place, he still means to do.

## was he in on this mess?
because if he was, i want to settle with church.

## what does it matter?
it all grows on trees.

## do you think he was a crook?
no.

## do you think i'm a crook?
no.

## for the sake of argument, can you pretend you think i am?
i can do that all right.

## so, if i'm a crook and nora's father's an honest man... why should i give him a share of any crooked deal i put over?
i don't get it, but i know you've said something nice.

## his own?
you're suspicious of everything.

## but what worries me is what are you and nickie going to live on?
you needn't wait up any longer, dorothy.

## nickie in there?
no, i'm keeping him in here tonight.

## in here?
yes, i wanted to be sure he was safe.

## where is he?
in the bureau drawer.

## in the bureau?
well, that's fair enough.

## hey, you didn't put my things underneath there?
no, they're in that chest.

## what time is it?
five minutes to 11:00.

## you've got to go right away, don't you?
i've got a few minutes.

## busy?
no.

## what do you know?
nothing much.

## do you mind?
no.

## still kicking about wanting a larger cell?
he's been thinking again.

## you spend a lot of time with this guy, church, don't you?
now don't start that again.

## how did you know he was going?
i get around.

## yeah?
11:00, time to go.

## what if i do?
i'm only in this for the coin.

## we?
you and me.

## want to play for keeps?
okay.

## losing confidence in me since i stopped that punch?
i haven't got that much sense.

## you wanna play with him?
no, he's asleep.

## tell him what?
about life.

## who's life?
now, nickie, this is important.

## where is he?
not now.

## isn't he lovely?
in all the excitement, i hadn't even seen him.

## isn't it kind of late for you to be up?
he's still running on california time.

## know any good ways?
i'd better tell lois.

## shall i call the sheriff?
yes.

## what have we got, doc?
bruise on left temple, blunt instrument.

## that check with the time they found him?
check.

## who?
church, or the cuban.

## how do you know?
i don't know.

## what was you doing in the cellar?
i went down to fix the fuse.

## what fuse?
the fuse that was blowed out.

## how did you know it was blowed out?
i don't know nothing.

## and you were here reading?
yes.

## ain't that late for a lady your age to be up?
i don't think so.

## keep you awake?
no, i just don't sleep much.

## you've been working for him a long time?
sixteen years.

## and you knew this phil church when he worked for the old man?
yes, indeed, i knew him.

## where were you?
i was sitting here, writing.

## writing what?
a play.

## go on, what kind of a play?
a mystery play.

## do you ever think much about murders?
no.

## and you say miss macfay and mrs. charles... were the only ones in your room when it happened, right?
no.

## then there was someone else?
yes.

## who?
the baby.

## but not the nurse?
no, the nurse was in her own room, asleep, i guess.

## is that so?
this is a murder we're trying to clear up, lad.

## now, who gets the money?
according to his last will...

## well, now, what do you figure all but $100, 000 would amount to?
certainly several millions.

## are you and he still pretty close?
we were never close.

## are you suggesting that i'd frame him?
now, don't get sore over a little thing like that.

## was he?
baby.

## was that jeanette?
no.

## bella spruce?
and the lighthouse keeper's daughter in...

## the what?
the lighthouse keeper's daughter.

## what was her name?
what it all comes down to is this lois.

## but what was the lighthouse keeper's daughter's name?
letty finhaden.

## i say, he made you give him that alibi, didn't he?
no.

## it was his gun, wasn't it?
yes, he kept it on the table.

## from the look of this hole... where would you say the bullet was fired from?
i'd figure it come from about here.

## anything to show that he came through the window?
no, not yet.

## did you people have a man watching church?
well, not exactly.

## could've been turned into a practical joke, couldn't it?
then you didn't have...

## you didn't have a heavy set man with thick glasses watching church?
no.

## did you get anything out of mrs. charles?
no, she's bats.

## where was he shot?
he wasn't shot.

## a knife?
don't talk about it now, dear.

## did you have your session with them?
yes.

## yes, what is it, horn?
it's no wonder i'm jittery.

## how do you know?
i was warned over the phone... just a little while ago, a man's voice.

## don't you?
of course.

## what do you think he is, a moth?
call your men off, give me a flashlight.

## where did the dog find that knife?
we don't know.

## where is he now?
he went thataway.

## what?
mr. charles.

## what's the matter?
it's...

## why, it's horn.
he has a what?

## what were you shooting at him for?
i wasn't shooting at him, he was shooting at me.

## why were you shooting at him?
well, everybody else was.

## what was she doing here?
she came to tell me that someone was after me.

## put me on the spot?
no.

## miss macfay, when did you first suspect horn of killing your father?
i didn't say that.

## your father objected to horn as your suitor, didn't he?
yes.

## and if you'd married horn, he'd have cut you off without a dime?
i suppose he would have.

## what was the first reaction you saw on horn after the discovery of the murder?
why, nothing.

## yes, then what?
then he said to say that we were together when it happened...

## he said that?
yes, he was only trying to protect me, and...

## well, don't you get it?
no.

## if he wanted to frame church with the knife... why should he try to kill me when i find it?
looks to me as if you've got two mysteries on your hands instead of one.

## you're not walking out on me, are you?
nothing.

## have they found him?
not yet.

## how do you feel?
sort of funny.

## have you been here all that time?
i didn't want you to be alone when you woke up.

## why shouldn't i be good to my own flesh and blood?
forgive me.

## are you all right, lois?
why, yes.

## what's the matter, lois?
you look upset.

## what do you mean, later?
i got rid of all those reporters.

## what did you tell them?
i told them we were out of scotch.

## come back on the case?
i've never been out of it.

## what's up?
the new york police found the woman who was with church.

## would you care to come along?
sure.

## how about that license number?
that car belongs to a man by the name of vogel.

## who is it?
never mind names.

## you understand?
let it alone.

## isn't that nickie crying?
that wasn't the baby.

## hello?
i've got to rush.

## what?
mr. charles is not here.

## what's the address?
i'il be there.

## well, how are you, mr. charles?
things sure pop when you're in town.

## is this the smith woman's apartment?
but if your killing was at 1:00 last night then she's in the clear.

## you sure?
positive.

## say, could she have been using me as an alibi?
why, she can't do that to me.

## i got to lose a night's sleep so you can duck a murder rap?
so help me.

## what did you think?
i knew phil was trying to get dough... out of macfay, but i never knew he meant to murder him.

## you know it now, don't you?
i don't know anything that's got anything to do with murders.

## how many other murders were planned besides macfay's?
i don't know anything about anybody's murders being planned.

## you're psychic?
you get alibis for murders you don't even know are going to happen.

## where's church?
i don't know.

## where were they going?
i don't know.

## when are they coming back?
they're not coming back.

## whose coat is this?
phil's.

## what's it doing here if he's not coming back?
it's been here two or three weeks.

## how long have you known church?
since they sprung him.

## blackmail rackets?
i mean, a lot of rackets except murder.

## about church?
i always figured he was a wrong guy.

## me?
nothing, except that he's been spending a lot of time hanging around smitty.

## you haven't been unloading to these people yet, have you?
only from here up.

## you ever hear about talking through a lawyer?
we've got enough on her already to hold her as a material witness.

## is this the man you saw watching church's house?
yes.

## what's the answer?
her husband's a pal of mine.

## you don't think i been hanging around because i was nuts about you, do you?
i hear church is going away.

## suppose she had gone?
that's supposing too much.

## what have you done?
i don't know what you're talking about.

## where are my glasses?
i knew there was copper in you, flatfooted stool pigeon.

## mr. nick charles, is it not?
it is.

## you are alone?
the good are often alone.

## how do you do?
rosita and marcita.

## where's the phone?
over there.

## how about a little slug of something?
just a little snack is all they want.

## who gave you this?
the lady over there.

## you'il excuse me?
an old friend, a very old friend.

## what if the health officers find out?
they'il put you back in quarantine.

## madam, how long have you been leading this double life?
just since we've been married.

## how did you know i was here?
i saw a great group of men standing around a table.

## what for?
a man.

## another one?
this is the man who phoned after you left.

## how are you going to contact this mysterious informer?
i told him i'd be holding the money in a handkerchief like this.

## shall we dance?
yes, i think it would be better.

## dum dum?
yes, i think i'd like to find him as soon as possible.

## are you in love with him?
no.

## then why should he spoil the beauty of this moment?
well, really.

## a stupid american iceberg?
well, he's traveled abroad.

## does he ever speak to you in burning words... that make you go half mad with joy and yearning?
well, he's kind of cute.

## cute?
incredible.

## who's that?
stupid american iceberg.

## hello, dum dum, how's tricks?
hiya, dum dum.

## make out all right with the police?
always i do.

## he making out all right?
that i do not know.

## where do you think he is?
i don't know where he is.

## what's eating you?
i didn't mean it.

## does a man say he think his friend killed?
say, listen, i can tell you right now... who kills most of the guys that get themselves killed in this town.

## is that little swine dum dum?
wait.

## if you are not in love with him, why do you leave me?
look, here's your money.

## between you and me?
you are driving me mad.

## thank you very much.... have a drink?
don't mind if i do.

## say, you're working on this murder case, aren't you?
yes, if you call this work.

## know him?
many's the bottle him and me split in this joint.

## you mean smitty?
no, linda mills, the one he had before smitty.

## cuba?
yes, i'm all right.

## where are we going?
well, i'm going to find a miss linda mills.

## what'il you have?
why, we would like to...

## you ain't together?
no.

## what was it, honey?
i'd like to look at a room.

## you looking for a room, too?
looking for linda mills.

## ain't that your picture in the evening news?
afraid it is.

## is she in?
you can't ever tell about her.

## how's chances of finding out?
i'il see.

## a single or double?
a single room, please.

## what would make you think she's involved?
you being here, then that friend of hers, that church.

## you know church?
i seen him going in and out.

## when's the last time you seen him?
i don't know.

## are you in, dearie?
i guess she ain't in, all right.

## do you mind if i look around?
help yourself.

## what does she do for a living?
don't ask me.

## she have noisy parties?
you know how girls are.

## how are they?
go on.

## yes?
this is a nice room.

## got any famous last words?
you've got until that radio warms up.

## what's your favorite program?
you know, this is your party.

## yes, ain't it?
you boys should stay off fire escapes when there isn't any fire.

## you're coming to the station with us, ain't you, mr. charles?
no, i can't.

## surprised?
well, i always thought that you and the missus was the ideal couple.

## any idea who these mugs are?
no, i wouldn't know.

## would you mind taking the boys down... the way they came up?
i don't want to alarm the lady.

## would you do that?
sure.

## yeah?
just kidding.

## finished?
yes.

## tell me, how long since you've seen miss mills?
a couple of weeks.

## what does she look like?
the way she wears make up, you'd think she's an old timer.

## young?
yes, but don't fear.

## who, her?
i don't think she knows what she wants.

## yes?
this gentleman here was just saying you're the prettiest girl he'd ever seen.

## what have you got?
tell us.

## aren't you interested, mrs. bellam?
yes.

## how did you get your man?
glad to see you.

## you, too, larry?
you know me, nick.

## well, how are you?
she's okay for my money.

## why?
you heard what he said.

## married?
no one said you had to be married.

## you didn't snatch that, did you?
we don't wanna put the heat on this party.

## he's a pip, ain't he?
look at that sucker.

## the pen?
she means the kiddie pen.

## you wanna make the kids sick?
i didn't know.

## will you order some ice cream?
yeah.

## can i do something?
i just wanted someone to keep an eye on nickie.

## who is this man?
i don't know.

## who's vogel?
he's one of the missing pieces.

## what?
don't mind me.

## well, why?
i never saw a man try so hard to get caught.

## why does he want to get caught?
just part of his plan.

## who do you want blasted?
a man's been killed.

## freddie, will you get nickie?
of course i will.

## shouldn't we notify the police?
they'il be here any minute.

## where's nickie?
must be in the pen.

## you want to see me?
it wasn't important.

## what's going on here, casey?
phil church was shot, he fell in the alley.

## hear from the doctor?
doctor says he was shot with a. 38.

## what were you doing in the street down below?
mr. church told me he was coming here.

## from what?
i don't know what she might do.

## what are you trying to do, frame me?
phil was trying to pull a trick that's too slick for his own good... so i come over here to head him off.

## did you see her do it?
i just seen her and was crossing street to her.

## you kill my mr. church?
ask him where's his gun.

## you kill my mr. church?
sure he did.

## did somebody drop this chip?
yes.

## may i say something?
go ahead.

## if you were trying a man for murder... and he suddenly produced an airtight alibi, what would happen?
he'd go free.

## what would you do?
nothing.

## you mean you'd let him get away with it?
well, we'd have to.

## what was?
he advertised himself as the murderer, while his accomplice did the dirty work.

## you mean that he had this alibi all the time?
yes, but he didn't want us to know it.

## was that why you hit him?
i hit him because he start a fight.

## what are you trying to pull?
your men jumped him, too.

## you think i'd be in on a thing with that rat?
looks bad for you, vogel.

## what men?
the ones who dropped that chip at the west indies club last night.

## get what i mean, or should i wait for my lawyer?
we get it.

## then why did you keep it quiet?
that night a bunch of my best customers were there.

## you mean you know who he is?
i have a pretty fair idea... and if this trick turns out right, i'il be sure.

## freddie, would you mind standing there?
surely.

## a lamp?
i'il get that.

## now, may i have the books, mommy?
you know, this trick should work, church planned it.

## it was just one sheet that was wet, wasn't it?
yes.

## you watching this carefully, freddie?
yes.

## do you mind plugging that in?
thank you.

## please step to the other end of the room?
but nothing happens.

## remember, you said it was funny that i didn't hear any sounds of a struggle?
well, i did think that...

## well, that broken wrist sort of eliminates a woman, doesn't it?
it's easy to break a dead man's wrist.

## you were the last one to see col. macfay, weren't you?
yes.

## what time was that?
about midnight.

## what's that got to do with it?
maybe we'd better have everybody in on this.

## who is it?
lf i know my perfumes... it's dorothy or agnes or whatever her name is.

## then what are you doing here?
i came to see mr. charles.

## why should an ex convict, seek employment... in the home of a man known to the world as a great detective?
because he never refused a break to anybody in his life.

## was it him?
no.

## what are you saying?
you're friends with church and dum dum.

## if they were friends, why did they kill him?
to avoid suspicion that you and church were working together.

## what do you mean?
i mean that horn must have known that she committed the murder.

## what sense could there possibly be in my killing father?
because you wanted his money and you wanted it now.

## linda mills?
yes, my sweet.

## my killing church?
now, really...

## you like that brat of yours, don't you?
all right.

## what did you do with him?
i put him in lois 'room.

## is he there?
it isn't him, nickie's gone.

## where's my raphael?
he's in here.

## trying to pull a fast one?
i saw it wasn't their kid and i took a chance.

## what's the matter, ma?
don't you call me ma.

## so you admit it's a gag?
well, better luck on your next racket.

## another murder?
that dog.

## where's my baby?
my raphael, my beautiful baby.

## you don't tell me...
they both look alike, don't they?

## mommy?
let's sit down.

## what for?
just to get a little rest, after our quiet weekend in the country.

## does lavagirl have special powers?
there's no such thing as lavagirl.

## how many people think max's story is true?
not true.

## if it's true, why don't you bring sharkboy and lavagirl to class tomorrow?
mr. electricidad.

## do you think you can be friends?
no.

## what do you have there?
you know what happens when he eats sugar.

## now?
yes, now.

## why were you cleaning out your closet?
i had to find one of these.

## is mom making you get a real job again?
writing is a real job.

## wanna finish making tobor?
it won't work.

## well, how do you know?
cause you told me it wouldn't.

## i did?
i'm sorry.

## how did these happen?
the grass was dead anyway.

## why are you so morbid?
i just wish anything could happen so i wouldn't have to go to school today.

## it's bad enough your father's head is in the clouds, but not you too, ok?
just push that dream aside and move on.

## the one about you and dad and me?
well, i do have a dream about us, but, as i'm sure you've been noticing lately, your father and i are just...

## did we have to move so close to school?
well, when cold air mixes with hot air, it can form a tornado, as the hot and cold chase each other around and around and around.

## i'm a teacher, right?
wrong.

## are you... trying to make real friends?
trying, like you told me to.

## come with us.
just not with my daughter, ok?

## what do i have to do?
go with us to planet drool.

## we're going to planet drool?
it's my home planet.

## why not?
put these on, everybody.

## do you have another pair of boy goggles?
uh uh.

## you press go.
so, how do you fly it?

## now, how do you fly it?
it's got an autopilot.

## you just thought of everything, didn't you, max?
not exactly.

## you might wanna hold on to something.
how do we land it?

## recognize your dream world, max?
not really.

## remember what?
your dreams.

## this planet?
us.

## i have powers?
more than any of us.

## don't you know that?
everything that is or was, began with a dream.

## i did?
every dream you ever had landed right here on planet drool.

## why is it so dark?
the planet is dying.

## what's the calculation, sharkboy?
45 minutes till the darkness destroys planet drool.

## why'd you freeze the ocean?
i...

## did you, max?
max is a good boy, otherwise you and i would be evil, and we're not evil.

## i'm not evil, am i, max?
mostly trapped on mount neverrest.

## everyone?
they're not raising their hands.

## who's mr. electric?
he's supposed to provide light to the planet. but all he brings now is darkness.

## what are you doing halting my endless fun coaster and infiltrating my lair?
you're supposed to be running it.

## who ordered that?
no school, no discipline, no rules.

## dreams can destroy you, can't they?
my instincts tell me that is so.

## really?
that's why we have to stop you.

## you and what army?
oh...

## what am i supposed to do?
i told you this would happen.

## what half of your dreams do you remember?
this one i remember.

## the dream lair's that way.
where are you taking us?

## what's in the dream lair?
it's where all the dreams that fuel planet drool are stored.

## did all the children from mount neverrest escape?
it was sharkboy and lavagirl.

## someone was with them?
just another child afraid of his own shadow.

## sit down, max.
where old dreams lie?

## what for?
close your eyes and dream.

## now, what do you see?
i see a... giant... chocolate chunk marshmallow cookie... with lots of warm milk.

## max needs to dream us out of here, so how about i put him to sleep?
no, sharkboy.

## ahand?
anotherhand.

## actually, you are extremely bright.
yep?

## am i king oftheocean, orwhat?
no.

## how do i save planet drool?
the answer is in your dreams.

## you mean if i put him to sleep, he'il dream us out of this mess?
no.

## can you take us?
i have no body.

## why didn't you work back on earth, tobor?
some dreams are so powerful they become real like sharkboy and lavagirl.

## what's wrong?
train of thought...

## you were taking us to the land of milk and cookies, remember?
i mean i'm literally losing the train of thought.

## how do i keep it on track?
with your mind.

## are you kidding?
we can't control it.

## scream?
jump.

## what does it mean when your train of thought... wrecks?
well...

## how much time do we have, sharkboy?
20 minutes.

## how about dreaming us into the dream lair?
the ground is thumping too much.

## when you dreamt up these giant cookies, who did you expect to be able to eat them?
i really didn't think about it.

## is that your dream?
we had a dream we're family.

## ohh...
don't despair, step right up glass of water?

## your nightmare was about me, wasn't it?
hot lava...

## where's lavagirl?
catch you later.

## why not?
learn to dream with your eyes open, and you won't have to be asleep to dream.

## how much time do we have?
don't ask.

## what was it you saw in your dream, max?
i saw an object shaped like...

## have you met her?
no.

## how do you know that?
i'm fire.

## the crystal heart's inside the castle?
so they say.

## can you cool down enough to get across?
i'd have to be asleep to do that.

## you can almost feel the electricity in the air, can't you?
this is all wrong.

## how'd you get so powerful?
i do a lot of reading.

## shocking, isn't it, sharkboy?
reminds me of the time that electrical storm blew apart your father's laboratory.

## where is my father?
hm.

## my strength is failing me as well.
powers?

## who cares?
we're never getting out of here.

## what's it say about me?
i'm not sure what this is.

## why, max?
just let her cool down.

## why did you make me like that?
i have more potential.

## and why'd you make us a team?
he escaped.

## how soon?
not soon enough.

## how?
sharkboy and lavagirl.

## is that what you saw, max?
yes.

## lava, can you...?
never mind.

## why?
we believe it can freeze time.

## but are you worthy to wield it?
yes.

## how'd you know?
i saw it in my dream.

## do you, max, take this crystal heart to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?
i do.

## do you trust him with your heart?
i do.

## do you mean what you say?
i can't hear you.

## what happened?
it didn't work.

## watts... up?
you know watts.

## what?
he can hold his breath, but not forever.

## what do you think you should do?
dream a better dream.

## what do you do when your dreams have been destroyed?
dream a better dream.

## sure this will save her?
hold off mr. electric while i deal with minus.

## how did you get in here?
i'm the daydreamer, able to dream with my eyes open.

## so what do you say?
let's blow the roof off this place.

## and who are you to believe that you can defeat me now?
i used to be.

## don't you see?
what do you say...

## the real news is... what i am.
linus?

## annoying?
king of the ocean.

## and what am i to do, now that you're all buddy buddy?
mr. electric can go back to being the good electrician of the planet.

## i dreamt you up, and i can undream you.
oh, really?

## you think you can just snap your eyes open and make me vanish?
he's headed to earth.

## all this time i've been asleep?
no.

## what happens when...?
two...

## will i ever see you again?
some dreams are so powerful they become real.

## any ideas?
wow, linus.

## ok, kids, who's next?
anyone but linus.

## so you've seen this?
yes, but... only in a dream.

## what are you doing?
i believe so.

## you made me a great teacher today.
oh, who do we have here?

## how did i do that?
a great teacher learns as much from his students as they do from him.

## so dream a better dream... then work to make it real.
yes?

## i'm gonna count to three.
yes?

## or?
or my wife will be mopping up your blood tomorrow morning.

## what?
maggie.

## can i have a pencil?
having been found gullty of the crime of murder...... it is the judgment of this court that you be sentenced to die by iethal injection.

## where am i?
you're dead.

## didn't my mother come?
no, your mother, she....

## is that about me?
yes, it is.

## what do i gotta do?
learn, maggie.

## what if i'm not interested?
row 48...... plot 12.

## yeah, why don't you think about it?
this way.

## who are these assholes?
just people who work here.

## what's it gonna be, yes or no?
i'm gonna have a few things that i'il need.

## is that it?
i'il make a llst.

## return, okay?
tab wait, wait, wait.

## see the roller?
roll that around and watch the screen.

## real easy, okay?
real easy.

## like that, okay?
now move that arrow down to where it says, \"play.

## you want to make the dinosaur eat him?
very good, very good.

## you know what \"nature's first green is gold \"means?
nature's first green is gold.

## are you an ugly duckilng...... or a swan?
because the choice is yours, you know.

## when you're angry or scared?
please, turn it down.

## why don't you use the headset i got you?
cause they're crappy.

## she wants sugar in her bowl?
baby, just stick it in me twice a day, and i'il do anything for you.

## so, how is it going?
it's my birthday next week.

## just for one night?
you can have me followed.

## okay?
look, maggie...... i know how you feel.

## door number five?
take out the bad guys.

## understand?
ready, set...... and go.

## what was that?
fun.

## what is it with you?
you've done better.

## so, you got it?
six months.

## why are you so serious?
because i've got serious stuff to tell you, maggie for margaret.

## is this going in, maggie?
because i want you to know, it's now out of my hands.

## will you help me?
of course.

## don't you want to carry your jacket?
surely not just for a dinner iesson.

## or are you afraid i'il revert and put my feet back up on the table?
i think that...... tonight we should have dinner out.

## shall we go?
good evening.

## would you like to see the wine llst?
no, thanks.

## you've got three minutes, okay?
it was bricked in.

## what ievei of operation is she ready for?
s 1.

## bartender says, \"what're you doing with that pig?
she says, \"this is a duck.

## entiende?
bye.

## as in nina simone?
yeah.

## you?
that'il be the day.

## what do you mean?
just nothing embarrasses me.

## you'il have to teach me that trick.
you mean, ever?

## where're you from?
it's not a trick question.

## so how does someone get to know you better?
for you, it'd be easy.

## ravioll?
it's a deal.

## weston and levinson's, you know?
all day, though, all i do is just run around...... and just take care of stuff.

## you really like ravioll, huh?
i usually make the first move.

## you don't really like them much, do you?
they're okay.

## like who?
i don't know.

## so, then...... what do you want to know?
i don't know.

## nina?
j. w. marriott in century city.

## who's that?
i'm about to iose a sale on 500 video cards.

## what do i do?
change.

## now what?
now we wait.

## what do i do?
take this tray where i tell you.

## then?
nothing.

## that too much for you?
thanks.

## now what do i do?
go home.

## how are you?
just blew up a hotel.

## how the hell do you think i am?
everybody at headquarters, especially kaufman, is very happy.

## what's he like?
he's really great.

## what?
yeah.

## just invite me to dinner, okay?
no.

## can we get you  something to drink?
scotch.

## how old are you, uncle bob?
i'm...... 37.

## what exactly is your point, p. j.?
j. p.

## what was she like as a child?
i ask her all the time.

## what?
he just wanted to know what you were like when you were a llttle girl.

## do i ask you questions?
no, i wish you would, though.

## can't we just drop it?
not this time.

## i used to see her during the summers on my uncle's farm.
don't you fucking get it?

## you didn't know she spent summers on a farm, did you?
well, she did.

## remember?
they called her beauty.

## do you know what i mean?
that's really you.

## by the way...... did claudia tell you what i do?
food's crappy.

## what do you want?
i don't know.

## it's five, right?
room service.

## hello?
this is room 30.

## could i have a couple of chicken salads...... and a couple of pieces of pecan pie...... and what kind of soda do you have?
all right, then.

## can i have four cans of that, because we get thirsty after sex?
kiss my neck.

## yes?
the bathroom cabinet has a hidden compartment.

## what?
i've got a really good idea.

## honey?
the limousine.

## don't i deserve an answer?
say something.

## just answer me, okay?
room service.

## how many targets?
one.

## what's he iook like?
i haven't been informed yet.

## how're you enjoying our beautifui mardi gras?
real well.

## which one is it?
i don't have that data yet.

## which target, dammit?
a while ago, i did something really bad.

## so how was new orleans?
everything you touch turns to shit.

## what happens to him if he finds out?
i know it wasn't an easy job.

## which word do you not understand?
there is no out.

## like you?
i know...... you like that you made me into something different.

## you know who fahd bahktiar is?
he's one of the world's richest men.

## if i do this job, if i bring this off...... will you do what you can to help me get out?
no.

## would you take these, john?
thank you, john.

## would they iet you ieave if you wanted to?
happiness in llfe comes from braiding together what one would like to have...... with what is inevitable.

## just get on a plane and disappear?
to tell the truth, dear...... i don't know.

## you won't tell bob i came?
thank you.

## want a back rub?
yeah.

## with the hypnotic fantasy oll?
yeah.

## see the upstairs corner?
that's his bedroom.

## does she die, too?
absolutely not.

## yeah?
great.

## is that mole real?
how nice to see you.

## hi.
it's got to be...... aunt paullne or cousin molly...... or something, right?

## you bought it for me, remember?
when i moved into the studio.

## where's francine?
francine's sick today, so sherry sent us.

## where's francine?
francine's sick, so we're here.

## can you do me out here?
sure.

## is the stain gone?
yes.

## did you guys meet my friends?
this is \"stupid \"and the other one is \"stupider.

## would you like some ginseng tea?
no, i don't drink tea.

## do you have silk, please, for my fingers?
sure.

## how?
okay, okay.

## did you hear anything?
i'm victor.

## where's the material?
outside.

## what's that for?
cleaning up your shit.

## christ, what're you doing?
she's not dead.

## it went off the tracks and i called in a cleaner.
new driver?

## what happened?
two down.

## how clean?
down to the nap.

## want a drink?
salty dog.

## go to your computer.
what are you going to accompilsh by this?

## is that what you think?
hurry up.

## what's the password?
try to imagine what a bullet in the stomach feels like.

## get on your knees, forehead to the ground, hands behind your back.
are you deaf?

## you think you can keep 800 mililon people in the 14th century forever?
that's it.

## is there a woman down there?
there could be 20 women down there, for all i know.

## you awake?
she's gone.

## where?
i don't know.

## why don't you get out?
she ieft you a note.

## yeah?
i tore it up.

## can i take this?
yeah, sure.

## you like nina?
yeah.

## name?
angie rawlins.

## i hate these things.
where are the stones?

## don't you hate these things?
just doing my job.

## then again, you never know who you're gonna meet, right?
i bet you're a lot more fun than any of those boring people upstairs.

## who's talking?
about a six second rotation.

## robbery in progress.
911, what's your emergency?

## what's the location?
man, i love colored stones.

## so whose stuff we stealing?
you know the ones i mean.

## you got it.
is this your car?

## fuck.
the stones?

## enjoying california?
hope we're not here long.

## the stones?
the exchange was just robbed.

## who wants to know?
follow me.

## just a little longer?
sweetheart, you have school tomorrow.

## what you mean?
it's in your hand.

## or this hand?
watch.

## how'd you do that?
magic.

## is it for me?
of course it's for you.

## can i have another one?
yeah, you can have another one.

## should we be considering a long vacation in a warm foreign climate with no extradition?
the cat that called was only interested in the black stones.

## so, what do we do now?
wait to hear from me.

## so where are you going?
i'm going to get some answers.

## all right?
it's all right.

## you want it?
i'il make you a deal on it, ammo included.

## a marine corps assault hovercraft?
i'm here on other business.

## hey, listen, you weren't by any chance downtown today, were you, tony?
not at all.

## ever see a black diamond?
i've seen a white diamond, pink...... yellow, blue ones.

## is there a timetable on this?
yesterday.

## who the fuck are you?
the man for whom christophe arranged to have the black stones...... brought into the country and deposited at the jewelry exchange.

## all right, well, how much?
maybe you didn't understand me.

## i don't have time for this.
yo, check this out?

## that's your last offer?
i can be a very dangerous man, mr. fait.

## do i look like the salvation army?
i bust my ass all night and got nothing to show for it.

## you know what, dog?
it don't even matter who the fuck you are.

## how many times i got to tell you people?
yeah.

## but they could've beat me into a coma or killed me.
did you see my new dvd players?

## how could i tell you where the stones are if i'm dead or on life support?
so i threw in the towel, reluctantly, for your sake.

## who was it?
i don't know.

## what did they say?
give me the stones, you fat cracker motherfucker.

## that's it?
i don't know, but they got some great guns i can't even get.

## jump chambers?
i hope not.

## hey, who's jump chambers?
this guy's in on everything that goes down in town.

## picture, preferably?
yeah, all right.

## read chinese?
no, but i know \"cop \"in every language.

## some kind of kung fu james bond?
son of a...

## what did you just do?
i said i have the stones, and i won't negotiate for your daughter.

## what?
that's stupid.

## su says he has the stones.
what the hell are you talking about?

## why not negotiate for the girl?
doesn't make any sense.

## should we stop them?
we'il never regain their confidence.

## what about the girl?
we'il need her.

## how old is she?
mind your business.

## boyfriends?
never.

## pmd?
yeah, put me down.

## what's this all about?
the stones are not what you think they are.

## what about this guy who has vanessa?
he's exactly what you think he is.

## where'd you get this piece of shit?
let's just say grandma and grandpa have a long walk back from the campground.

## you sure you cleaned it out?
it's clean, all right.

## who rang that bell?
here are your visitors, mr. chambers.

## who's the gook?
chinese guy.

## how you doing, jump?
don't waste my fucking time, nigga.

## how's daria?
good.

## problem?
the black stones.

## black stones, what?
i need them back.

## but you don't pimp, right?
you're just a thief in the night, stealing shit that don't belong to you.

## he don't talk?
i don't speak korean.

## ain't that a switch, chick?
them motherfuckers got faces like walls, but they love to drink and look at naked girls.

## why don't you roll by sometime?
check out the poon.

## what do you want, man?
i mean...

## what would make a man go through that kind of trouble, take that kind of heat?
gotta be something good.

## what?
they're at his club.

## how do you know?
i know.

## it's never happened to you?
no.

## why?
he has to remember something.

## what if he can't?
pretend it's taiwan.

## what are you doing?
relax.

## all right?
stay away from the truck.

## precious daria.
what?

## what's up, odion?
long time, no see.

## so, what brings you around here?
sometimes you need to see old friends.

## you got trouble?
with a capital t.

## tony fait?
thought you two were tight.

## so, what you want me to do?
i don't know.

## champagne?
yes.

## so you looking for a job?
i need something.

## how would jump feel about me coming back and all?
you let me worry about jump chambers.

## in the meantime...... how about we go to my office and we talk about this a little bit more?
it's not exactly boxing matches, it's a lot more dangerous.

## the man you remember, how do you know he'il be here?
i don't, but this is chambers 'operation, so it's a damn good place to start.

## how can you recognize him?
well, i didn't see his face, but they all kind of look the same.

## how do we get in?
leave it to me.

## how's that armor plated lincoln i sold you?
cops stopped me.

## no more favors.
him?

## what?
you've got to be shitting me.

## why don't you put on some music?
slower.

## yo, what the hell are you doing?
oh, pest control, player.

## what notice?
that's what burn my ass to the bone, a brother just trying to make a living...

## you know what?
that's beside the point.

## how come?
the foreigners are bringing over them scary ass foreign bugs, man.

## quarantine people?
they gonna shut you down.

## see that little motherfucker up there?
that's me.

## why i gotta fuck with you?
look.

## all right?
okay.

## man, you got a jacuzzi?
look at the ball.

## how many freaks you get in here?
i bet you sit yours right there on that ball.

## now you keep the door closed...... and give this shit a full hour before anybody steps in here, all right?
damn.

## sometimes you just need an old friend?
it came from the office.

## they're not here?
they're here.

## what are you talking about?
he stashed them here somewhere.

## what the hell we gonna do?
everybody just go.

## but, t, what about you, man?
i gotta save vanessa.

## yeah?
yeah.

## who's in there?
you're wrong.

## we're still here, t.
what you want?

## got anything you want us to do?
nothing yet.

## what?
you win.

## where is he?
well, open the door.

## where'd you put the stones?
i ain't selling you shit till i know where the ceiling is.

## where's my fucking butter?
it's almost ready.

## you dig?
instead of doing this back and forth shit, my idea is you come up with a number.

## you like that?
yeah, i like that.

## how we gonna get them out of there?
that place is always jumping.

## where is he?
everybody stay put.

## watch my nuts, all right?
no chambers 'guys.

## where are they?
ling.

## how the fuck do you know?
i know.

## what am i gonna do?
we have to go.

## is everything else ready?
just have to test the device.

## goggles?
here you go, man.

## calm down.
want me to get that?

## look around.
where are you?

## what do you see?
i don't know.

## where's the light coming from?
i can't tell.

## he's doing it here tonight.
laser show?

## doing what?
selling the stones.

## what are these stones?
a new form of synthetic plutonium.

## am i right?
we're operational.

## but what if it weren't?
we got five choppers.

## so glad the angels kept you safe.
how?

## another one?
you know it.

## so, what happens to the stones now?
they'il be destroyed.

## jail?
come on, man.

## can't he at least get probation?
i'il do what i can.

## because we make a hell of a team, am i right?
except for you.

## so, what percentage are we talking?
none.

## that low, huh?
it's about time i got my shit together.

## so you guys are all just gonna up and go straight?
yeah.

## have you?
i've had plenty of straight jobs.

## really?
name one.

## you were an avon lady?
i was an avon man.

## you got a problem with that?
no, it's fair.

## i know her.
why you looking at me like that?

## remember the party?
she whipped your ass.

## did you just say my mama had a fat ass?
no, i said i have a kind of a fetish for big women.

## what?
i'm gonna write a movie about all the shit we got through.

## who's playing you?
i've been thinking about that.

## and you?
guess.

## you know who will be your girlfriend?
oprah.

## big oprah or little oprah?
medium oprah.

## who?
halle berry.

## remember the movie sixteen candles?
yeah.

## what happened to him?
he waiting tables someplace.

## who you got?
winona ryder.

## you know what?
we should get the same dude that directed romeo must die.

## the polack?
yeah, we'il get him in there.

## exit wounds, did you see that?
i saw that.

## whatever happened with those two guys?
i heard they're gay.

> [simpleQA end]
