- que:
  - he's had to miss a couple because of health reasons, but you know what?
  ans:
  - take one race at a time, and the next race he was back.

- que:
  - remember?
  ans:
  - stop.

- que:
  - isn't that a shame?
  ans:
  - yeah, that sucks, man.

- que:
  - somebody says no, you know, to a sales job?
  ans:
  - well, i just almost got killed 40 times.

- que:
  - what was that all about?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - you got a gas cap?
  ans:
  - we got something we could probably set up for ya.

- que:
  - you need a flashlight?
  ans:
  - jason, i think you're gonna be okay, my friend.

- que:
  - what are the odds?
  ans:
  - probably about the same as being eaten by an ostrich.

- que:
  - how do you let him do what he does?
  ans:
  - i mean, when it's your day, it's your day.

- que:
  - do you copy?
  ans:
  - i copy, a new front axle and a new front wheel.

- que:
  - could you contact operations, advise the hospital?
  ans:
  - we have a spectator hit by motorcycle, no pulse.

- que:
  - rescue one, rescue one. do you copy?
  ans:
  - helicopter 0 830.

- que:
  - but why quit what you love for a situation?
  ans:
  - you don't quit driving on the road because somebody gets in a car accident and dies.

- que:
  - do i feel anguish for it?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - do i hear a bike?
  ans:
  - i hear a bike.

- que:
  - they didn't?
  ans:
  - no, you're 13 miles up to the honda pit.

- que:
  - wow, that'd be neat, you know?
  ans:
  - you know, i had a real tight family and we rode motorcycles, we surfed.

- que:
  - yeah?
  ans:
  - my sister raced, my mother raced.

- que:
  - front wheel okay, steve?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - what was your best race?
  ans:
  - and it might not be they won, but they had a moment that you're so present in everything that's happening... flawless and effortlessly.

- que:
  - how can i give back to baja some of the enjoyment i've had?
  ans:
  - we started donating time and effort and money about eight years ago here.

- que:
  - how are you, my friend?
  ans:
  - good to see you.

- que:
  - you know?
  ans:
  - actually, we have stopped just to look around.

- que:
  - could we not put a little paved road down the length of baja?
  ans:
  - well, mexico is neutral, so they said no.

- que:
  - what the hell's wrong with these people?
  ans:
  - they're getting all hot now.

- que:
  - i thought, \"i had a great time.
  ans:
  - and i'm in the race, right?

- que:
  - you know?
  ans:
  - i finally realized.

- que:
  - who?
  ans:
  - eight, and 449 just passed a minute ago.

- que:
  - they did?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - started what, 16th?
  ans:
  - or something like that.

- que:
  - when do you guys think you'il be pulling back into ensenada?
  ans:
  - as the night progresses, things just get weirder.

- que:
  - is it not gonna make it?
  ans:
  - and once we get there, they start like celebrating and stuff, and they really pump you up, you keep going.

- que:
  - he's a little wrung out, huh?
  ans:
  - yeah, he's a little... he's pinging.

- que:
  - why is robby stopping here?
  ans:
  - because he ran out of gas like half a mile back.

- que:
  - rob, how many you want?
  ans:
  - tell 'em it's pump gas only.

- que:
  - they look like they're talking to you, you know?
  ans:
  - i went to go the bathroom, so i left the car running, and then my ears were starting to hurt.

- que:
  - but it was a real one, you know?
  ans:
  - very close... like a block, you know, from here.

- que:
  - how far ahead was the bike in front of him?
  ans:
  - that was third place.

- que:
  - why do they do it?
  ans:
  - it's not 'cause you're crazy or you got a death wish.

- que:
  - come down here, how's he gonna finish a 1, 000 mile race?
  ans:
  - mark julius, in an attempt to lose his publicist jethro, was off and running.

- que:
  - where's my key?
  ans:
  - we made it.

- que:
  - where do we go from here?
  ans:
  - rewarded with a pin, finishers celebrate all day long, hour after hour as the clock ticks down to the 32 hour time limit.

- que:
  - same hula gal, or did you replace the hula gal?
  ans:
  - no, same hula girl.

- que:
  - what can you say?
  ans:
  - that's baja.

- que:
  - we only got 364 more days till the next one, right?
  ans:
  - one after the other, they would cross the line, dusty and tired, but overjoyed they finished.

- que:
  - a cold beer?
  ans:
  - a cold beer and a taco is what i need.

- que:
  - do they find glory?
  ans:
  - i couldn't say, because the race never ends.

- que:
  - you know?
  ans:
  - that is probably the best way to explain it.

- que:
  - what kind of mike is that?
  ans:
  - active... a 48 volt mike, which is a supercardioid pattern.

- que:
  - how's that?
  ans:
  - these cameras have a lot of switches that need to be in the right places, we discovered.

- que:
  - what would scorsese do?
  ans:
  - talk real fast.

- que:
  - but where we gonna get joe pesci, let alone a shovel?
  ans:
  - editor...

- que:
  - do you mind?
  ans:
  - with the constant... the constant paparazzi trip.

- que:
  - you know what you do?
  ans:
  - you can fix your hair in this thing.

- que:
  - what were you shooting, herr producer?
  ans:
  - we were shooting a little place called valle de trinidad.

- que:
  - see all that spit fly like that?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - who said there wasn't special effects on this movie?
  ans:
  - yeah, is that...

- que:
  - is that you speaking spanish, spitting all over?
  ans:
  - allah punished him by making him blind in one eye.

- que:
  - could you tell me...
  ans:
  - where are you going?

- que:
  - oh, honored one, where might i find aladdin, son of ali al marouf?
  ans:
  - i want him to look upon me.

- que:
  - leaving only two of us, you and me.
  ans:
  - so what?

- que:
  - what name were you given?
  ans:
  - aladdin, son of ali al marouf.

- que:
  - ls this not the dwelling of the chosen one and the king of luck, aladdin?
  ans:
  - aladdin is my son.

- que:
  - from my uncle?
  ans:
  - your uncle.

- que:
  - where's my brother, ali al marouf?
  ans:
  - ali al marouf has been dead for three years.

- que:
  - could he be possessed by genies?
  ans:
  - i will cure him.

- que:
  - where are we going, uncle?
  ans:
  - to an enchanted city.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - you alone will penetrate a place from which no one's ever returned.

- que:
  - i must have the lamp and i've just told you so.
  ans:
  - who is there?

- que:
  - what shall we do?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - where will i find it?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - why did my uncle want to kill me?
  ans:
  - what you will.

- que:
  - let him go to all four corners of the earth.
  ans:
  - strangle him?

- que:
  - you play little jokes, too.
  ans:
  - to all four corners of the earth?

- que:
  - who started the fire?
  ans:
  - i didn't know you could make cakes.

- que:
  - what do genies eat, then?
  ans:
  - nothing at all.

- que:
  - because the state of perfection is modesty, and the state of evil is another kind of modesty.
  ans:
  - do you know why i have lived to be 85?

- que:
  - are you listening to me?
  ans:
  - princess boudour.

- que:
  - who?
  ans:
  - the princess boudour.

- que:
  - where's that voice coming from?
  ans:
  - ajar.

- que:
  - for baking meat cakes.
  ans:
  - and what's that?

- que:
  - you understand?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what is this mysterious monster?
  ans:
  - it's a goat, not a monster.

- que:
  - how old are you?
  ans:
  - i'm sixteen.

- que:
  - ah, it's you?
  ans:
  - yes, it's me.

- que:
  - why are you laughing?
  ans:
  - i know what you're going to ask me.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - i've already been asked by 1 7 princes.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - go to my father and ask for my hand.

- que:
  - i'm asking for the hand of princess boudour.
  ans:
  - and will you say \"yes\"?

- que:
  - what did he say?
  ans:
  - my tongue refuses to repeat it.

- que:
  - i'il have them brought here right away.
  ans:
  - you mean rubies and emeralds?

- que:
  - do you have a treasure buried at your house?
  ans:
  - i've got no treasure.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - there is a way.

- que:
  - how?
  ans:
  - the princess must be told it was just a dream.

- que:
  - and what does the great wiseman say?
  ans:
  - a dream's not that's not a dream, and not a dream is not a dream.

- que:
  - i have even dreamed that my hair walked to the bazaar to buy a comb.
  ans:
  - everybody understood us?

- que:
  - so what?
  ans:
  - so you've only dreamed about that beggar.

- que:
  - i was in bagdad and i saw a goat.
  ans:
  - lf i dreamed it, how come mubarak fought with him?

- que:
  - a what?
  ans:
  - a goat.

- que:
  - me?
  ans:
  - the last two days i spent in bed with a toothache.

- que:
  - i've never heard of aladdin.
  ans:
  - tell me, it did happen, didn't it?

- que:
  - tomorrow you'il lose your head.
  ans:
  - how can it be?

- que:
  - are you in there?
  ans:
  - i hear and obey.

- que:
  - why did you let them throw aladdin in a dungeon?
  ans:
  - all you had to do is to rub the lamp.

- que:
  - couldn't you guess it yourself?
  ans:
  - i didn't.

- que:
  - why did you stuff yourself in there?
  ans:
  - because when i wake up and you're not here, it will be so painful.

- que:
  - don't you believe me?
  ans:
  - rub this.

- que:
  - whose wedding?
  ans:
  - ours.

- que:
  - what does it mean?
  ans:
  - it means you're sleeping.

- que:
  - what d'you mean, i'm sleeping?
  ans:
  - they are sleeping, too.

- que:
  - what says the vizier?
  ans:
  - let the wiseman speak first.

- que:
  - what says the wiseman?
  ans:
  - the realization of knowledge is a sign of ignorance, and...

- que:
  - we're just dreaming.
  ans:
  - but why me?

- que:
  - oh, when we wake up, have him executed too.
  ans:
  - you understand?

- que:
  - and what is he now?
  ans:
  - a bridegroom at his wedding.

- que:
  - and what is that?
  ans:
  - to the count of three.

- que:
  - will you give it back?
  ans:
  - i hear and obey.

- que:
  - who are you?
  ans:
  - get in this jug.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - you'il live in the jug.

- que:
  - all right?
  ans:
  - all is quiet in bagdad.

- que:
  - is that peterson's helicopter?
  ans:
  - he was in that damn chopper that blew up.

- que:
  - where the heii are you goin '?
  ans:
  - we're puilin 'out.

- que:
  - bobby, where's pete?
  ans:
  - stiii in the chopper.

- que:
  - where are you?
  ans:
  - get the heii outta here.

- que:
  - scott?
  ans:
  - goddammit, get out.

- que:
  - ready?
  ans:
  - move it.

- que:
  - why wouldn't they iisten, nick?
  ans:
  - we told 'em it's too dangerous to iaunch this operation at night.

- que:
  - you wanna go to the duty free?
  ans:
  - watch the things, honey.

- que:
  - reaily?
  ans:
  - oh, it's iovely.

- que:
  - what does it say?
  ans:
  - one minute.

- que:
  - you're jewish, huh?
  ans:
  - no, i'm chinese.

- que:
  - what's the problem?
  ans:
  - there's no problem.

- que:
  - can we start boarding now?
  ans:
  - sure.

- que:
  - what shaii we do?
  ans:
  - we do what we have to.

- que:
  - where's my back brace?
  ans:
  - robert has your back brace, ma.

- que:
  - honey, could you puii this for me?
  ans:
  - don't kiii me, just puil.

- que:
  - could i have a glass of water, please?
  ans:
  - she's afraid of flying.

- que:
  - you're from chicago, no?
  ans:
  - yes, we are.

- que:
  - how did you know?
  ans:
  - i am from chicago myself.

- que:
  - you're polish?
  ans:
  - russian.

- que:
  - do you know the orthodox church by lincoln park?
  ans:
  - father duchinsky.

- que:
  - are you going back home?
  ans:
  - my first vacation since russia.

- que:
  - enjoyed yourself?
  ans:
  - i feei iike i am reborn.

- que:
  - what are you doing?
  ans:
  - get your heads down.

- que:
  - what are you doing?
  ans:
  - we are prepared to die.

- que:
  - is everything ok?
  ans:
  - everything is aii right.

- que:
  - now why don't you put that pin back into that hand grenade?
  ans:
  - put it.

- que:
  - do you hear me?
  ans:
  - loud and clear.

- que:
  - where?
  ans:
  - beirut.

- que:
  - american embassy?
  ans:
  - this is the athens airport tower.

- que:
  - anyone ever accuse you of being a gentleman, nick?
  ans:
  - not iately.

- que:
  - grab me the phone, would you, sweetheart?
  ans:
  - alexander here.

- que:
  - lebanon?
  ans:
  - we don't know for sure.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - my ring, it's hebrew.

- que:
  - wiii you marry me?
  ans:
  - oh, harry.

- que:
  - what's gonna happen to us?
  ans:
  - one thing is certain.

- que:
  - what'd you hit him for, man?
  ans:
  - keep quiet.

- que:
  - what are you doing here?
  ans:
  - go back.

- que:
  - what is your name?
  ans:
  - eilen.

- que:
  - how old are you, eilen?
  ans:
  - six.

- que:
  - you understand, eilen?
  ans:
  - good.

- que:
  - you think the captain's gonna show up?
  ans:
  - i'ii be damned if he doesn't.

- que:
  - who'd caii him?
  ans:
  - he's retired to that old horse farm of his.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - come quick.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - look.

- que:
  - how could we?
  ans:
  - they came off the ei ai flight.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - do it.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - i don't know why.

- que:
  - wiii we get 'em back?
  ans:
  - put them here.

- que:
  - why didn't you coilect these men's passports?
  ans:
  - they don't have passports.

- que:
  - you?
  ans:
  - aii three of us.

- que:
  - oh, yes?
  ans:
  - three american heroes.

- que:
  - what's goin 'on here?
  ans:
  - shut up.

- que:
  - ok?
  ans:
  - everything wiii be aii right.

- que:
  - no, not me.
  ans:
  - how can i?

- que:
  - don't you see?
  ans:
  - i'm german.

- que:
  - what does that mean?
  ans:
  - the selections.

- que:
  - don't you see i can't do what you want me to do?
  ans:
  - very sorry, dear iady.

- que:
  - do you hear me?
  ans:
  - you die.

- que:
  - what's going on, colonel?
  ans:
  - men and equipment are aboard.

- que:
  - what's the delay?
  ans:
  - i'ii give him five more minutes.

- que:
  - who?
  ans:
  - oh... nothing, sir.

- que:
  - colonel?
  ans:
  - weil, it's about time you showed up.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - a presidentiai decree ordering you back to duty.

- que:
  - how was your engagement party?
  ans:
  - a iittle cut short.

- que:
  - do you know who that guy is?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what the heil, huh?
  ans:
  - congratulations.

- que:
  - what are they doing?
  ans:
  - they must go immediately to first class.

- que:
  - where are you going?
  ans:
  - don't go.

- que:
  - where are you going?
  ans:
  - go back to your seat.

- que:
  - why don't you do something?
  ans:
  - there's only two of them.

- que:
  - what can i do for you?
  ans:
  - sit down.

- que:
  - father, don't you know me from chicago?
  ans:
  - move.

- que:
  - where are you going?
  ans:
  - you.

- que:
  - what are you doing here?
  ans:
  - you cailed me.

- que:
  - what is your name?
  ans:
  - wiiliam o'mailey.

- que:
  - me?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - you feei good?
  ans:
  - fine.

- que:
  - ok everything?
  ans:
  - thank you.

- que:
  - now what do you want to do?
  ans:
  - land.

- que:
  - where is the plane?
  ans:
  - there.

- que:
  - do you have the captain?
  ans:
  - give it to me.

- que:
  - captain?
  ans:
  - this is the minister of defence speaking.

- que:
  - do we now have your permission to iand?
  ans:
  - my answer is definitely not.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - captain.

- que:
  - what's going on there?
  ans:
  - they're torturing a young boy.

- que:
  - how do we know that?
  ans:
  - a calculated guess.

- que:
  - give us fuel.
  ans:
  - any questions?

- que:
  - no way?
  ans:
  - their way is suicide.

- que:
  - what are they doing there with daddy?
  ans:
  - asking him some questions.

- que:
  - what kind of questions?
  ans:
  - maybe... about being jewish.

- que:
  - they don't iike jews, huh, momma?
  ans:
  - no, sweetie, they don't iike jews.

- que:
  - where to?
  ans:
  - i'ii iet you know when we reach the sky.

- que:
  - we are gonna go for it this time, right, colonel?
  ans:
  - damn right.

- que:
  - how iong do we have to wait?
  ans:
  - the generai is waiting for the go ahead from the president.

- que:
  - how are you, jaffer?
  ans:
  - so... so.

- que:
  - how is the mission?
  ans:
  - everything is great.

- que:
  - shaii we release the women and children?
  ans:
  - yes, go ahead.

- que:
  - section three?
  ans:
  - section three acknowledge.

- que:
  - you understand me?
  ans:
  - you iadies, go forward.

- que:
  - aren't you freedom fighters?
  ans:
  - go.

- que:
  - this is yours?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - you have some money?
  ans:
  - ok, go.

- que:
  - colonei alexander?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - ready?
  ans:
  - mark.

- que:
  - what's happening?
  ans:
  - commandos are gonna storm the plane.

- que:
  - when the other hijackers came on.
  ans:
  - what hostages?

- que:
  - what other hijackers?
  ans:
  - aii those men who came on board.

- que:
  - aii right?
  ans:
  - aii sections.

- que:
  - what the heii is that?
  ans:
  - come on, get out of there, mccoy.

- que:
  - what the heil...?
  ans:
  - don't shoot back.

- que:
  - what happened, colonel?
  ans:
  - 12 terrorists got on board.

- que:
  - where do we go from here?
  ans:
  - after them, i hope.

- que:
  - you mean it's all over for us?
  ans:
  - on the contrary, colonel.

- que:
  - colonei alexander?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - can i talk to you?
  ans:
  - certainly.

- que:
  - so what's happening?
  ans:
  - they've taken the hostages off the plane.

- que:
  - where to?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - colonel, i assume your mossad stiii has people planted in lebanon, right?
  ans:
  - your assumption is correct.

- que:
  - do some reckoning before the rescue?
  ans:
  - it'd be a great help to us, colonel.

- que:
  - what don't you iike?
  ans:
  - this christian place.

- que:
  - the church?
  ans:
  - it's always been here.

- que:
  - the greek?
  ans:
  - he was always here...

- que:
  - i mean, nails?
  ans:
  - pardon me, i've been drinking all afternoon.

- que:
  - where do you meet people?
  ans:
  - i don't know, they're everywhere.

- que:
  - why, is there a problem?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - why is there a woman here?
  ans:
  - it's his wife.

- que:
  - everyone has a picture for me?
  ans:
  - this is an intervention, sarah.

- que:
  - what do you know about divorce?
  ans:
  - precious little, i admit.

- que:
  - who is this?
  ans:
  - i have no idea, but if you're interested, i'il google him.

- que:
  - are these bananas?
  ans:
  - i think they were at one time.

- que:
  - what are you gonna do, sis?
  ans:
  - i mean, really, it's been eight months.

- que:
  - but if you want to have an affair, i do know a couple of married guys.
  ans:
  - i'd like to get a dog, if that's okay?

- que:
  - we'il let that be our fallback, okay?
  ans:
  - okay.

- que:
  - down low?
  ans:
  - just because i want this to stop.

- que:
  - you think she'd like to buy a handmade, stainable teak boat?
  ans:
  - maybe if it came with private lessons.

- que:
  - but you know what?
  ans:
  - if i had to do it it all over again, i wouldn't.

- que:
  - are you kidding?
  ans:
  - i love this girl.

- que:
  - hey, is everything all right at home?
  ans:
  - yeah, jennifer just gets tired of all the family gatherings.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - you're not the wallower in the family.

- que:
  - me?
  ans:
  - i never wallow.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - you know i love you and i love lisa, but i think you're both better off.

- que:
  - i said that out loud, didn't i?
  ans:
  - you did.

- que:
  - you know my theory about this?
  ans:
  - when you meet, they have the whole story written.

- que:
  - but if you go off script...... right?
  ans:
  - they write you out of the story.

- que:
  - can i help you?
  ans:
  - single chicken breast, please.

- que:
  - i'm divorced, okay?
  ans:
  - i eat alone, usually standing over the sink.

- que:
  - i don't want chicken hanging around, okay?
  ans:
  - okay.

- que:
  - how are you?
  ans:
  - good morning.

- que:
  - weren't they just here?
  ans:
  - thank you.

- que:
  - anyone have anything exciting happen this weekend to share?
  ans:
  - my uncle mike slept over.

- que:
  - uncles and aunts are very important to us, aren't they?
  ans:
  - he's not really my uncle, but my mommy makes me call him that.

- que:
  - anyone else have anything they'd like to share?
  ans:
  - yes, austin.

- que:
  - molly, you wanna try the sticks?
  ans:
  - yep, i'm fine.

- que:
  - you wanna get your stuff together now?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - i forget, is it \"always discuss your personal history with parents \"or \"never discuss\"?
  ans:
  - it's \"always discuss. \"besides, i find it comforting.

- que:
  - so has austin told you anything about..?
  ans:
  - about you and...

- que:
  - you wanna watch it again?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - internet ads?
  ans:
  - tragic doctor/ poet in desperate pain seeks...... like minded playmate for long snowshoe across eurasia.

- que:
  - what do you bet he gets a hundred responses?
  ans:
  - we'il start with bisexual asian women who fly fish.

- que:
  - what about sherry?
  ans:
  - i gave you her number.

- que:
  - sherry?
  ans:
  - sherry's 24.

- que:
  - then why do you want to set me up with her?
  ans:
  - she slept with half the guys in my office.

- que:
  - you know the epic narrative i talked about?
  ans:
  - hers would not only be secret, it would be incoherent.

- que:
  - my what?
  ans:
  - your boob shirts.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - \"the more you like what you see...... the more your pupils will open wide to take it all in.

- que:
  - what if i want to?
  ans:
  - you don't understand.

- que:
  - what if i can't control myself?
  ans:
  - you're meeting for muffins in a public place.

- que:
  - dad?
  ans:
  - sarah.

- que:
  - what are you doing here?
  ans:
  - that's a fine how do you do from one of my favorite daughters.

- que:
  - is that a rose?
  ans:
  - it is a rose, if the truth be told.

- que:
  - and it's for a lady friend, isn't it?
  ans:
  - that is, in fact, the very purpose.

- que:
  - and would this lady friend be someone who might enjoy...... the slow bloom of affection, perhaps?
  ans:
  - that would be grand, yes.

- que:
  - a young 50, dad?
  ans:
  - you're 71.

- que:
  - meandering or any other way?
  ans:
  - well, think of it as poetry, darling.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - i'm glad you've started dating again.

- que:
  - couldn't i once know something before she does?
  ans:
  - she's there with you, isn't she? i>no.

- que:
  - this story is going to be immortalized into family history, isn't it?
  ans:
  - told and retold at thanksgiving dinner, year after year.

- que:
  - don't be mad at me for this, okay?
  ans:
  - the last time you said that to me you stole my boyfriend.

- que:
  - you have 18 responses.
  ans:
  - voluptuous\"?

- que:
  - you listened to them, didn't you?
  ans:
  - i like three, 11 and 14.

- que:
  - do you mean big breasts...... or do you mean fat?
  ans:
  - i love dogs too.

- que:
  - is something wrong?
  ans:
  - well, no offense, it's just...

- que:
  - did i cry?
  ans:
  - well, a little bit.

- que:
  - and what did i tell you?
  ans:
  - marshall's girls don't pay.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - i didn't see anyone.

- que:
  - how are you?
  ans:
  - let's do two.

- que:
  - you having fun?
  ans:
  - well, i feel sorry for the artist at these things.

- que:
  - short attention span.
  ans:
  - why can't you be sweet like that, huh?

- que:
  - you're a sick guy, you know that?
  ans:
  - just another in a long line of colossal mistakes.

- que:
  - what else have you got?
  ans:
  - bruno, focus.

- que:
  - you sarah?
  ans:
  - jake.

- que:
  - does he sleep on a doggy bed of nails?
  ans:
  - as a matter of fact, he does.

- que:
  - while he's playing dead?
  ans:
  - it might ruin the effect.

- que:
  - comforts the poor?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - how long you had her?
  ans:
  - technically, she's not really mine.

- que:
  - why did you write \"voluptuous\"?
  ans:
  - oh, my...

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - you seem very practiced and smooth.

- que:
  - and why not?
  ans:
  - because maybe i don't want anyone else to answer it.

- que:
  - did you plan on saying that sometime today?
  ans:
  - no, i didn't.

- que:
  - but it's good, isn't it?
  ans:
  - it is good.

- que:
  - so why would you even write an ad?
  ans:
  - you don't seem that desperate.

- que:
  - why would you answer one?
  ans:
  - talk about desperate.

- que:
  - those your shoes?
  ans:
  - oh, my.

- que:
  - where are marc and jason?
  ans:
  - they took the kids to magic mountain.

- que:
  - who do you think you're dealing with?
  ans:
  - you're good.

- que:
  - but then it was okay, you know?
  ans:
  - he was a little intense.

- que:
  - will you forget danny shea?
  ans:
  - he's probably a convicted felon...... by now, divorced.

- que:
  - you maimed his kid?
  ans:
  - bob connor.

- que:
  - where did you manage to find them?
  ans:
  - why, everything in this house is handmade by dolly.

- que:
  - when did that happen?
  ans:
  - it's dad's life.

- que:
  - did you even check all of your messages?
  ans:
  - i thought a few were very promising.

- que:
  - like who?
  ans:
  - like the engineer from oxnard.

- que:
  - in what way would he be promising?
  ans:
  - you could cure him.

- que:
  - what are you doing yelling in whispering breeze park?
  ans:
  - look who it is.

- que:
  - how are you?
  ans:
  - hi, sweetie.

- que:
  - who's that?
  ans:
  - oh, this is my sister carol.

- que:
  - you live here?
  ans:
  - yeah, they cater to the recently separated and divorced.

- que:
  - is my little girl lovely or is my little girl lovely?
  ans:
  - oh, dad, don't worry about embarrassing me.

- que:
  - so, what is it you do, bobby?
  ans:
  - sarah never tells us about her beaus.

- que:
  - do you wear a hardhat?
  ans:
  - sarah was the one who always had the boys knocking at the door.

- que:
  - what was his name?
  ans:
  - thin fellow.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - i remember now.

- que:
  - can i say one thing about mr. incorrigible?
  ans:
  - only if you sing it.

- que:
  - so can i ask you a question?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - if he hadn't left me?
  ans:
  - no, i don't think so.

- que:
  - the nuns?
  ans:
  - yeah, that works.

- que:
  - can i say one more thing?
  ans:
  - you love me.

- que:
  - you know the expression \"she took my breath away\"?
  ans:
  - i mean, she did.

- que:
  - think she'il see you again?
  ans:
  - i wouldn't.

- que:
  - what's up with that?
  ans:
  - i have no idea.

- que:
  - isn't it?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - thimbleful of juice?
  ans:
  - sure.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - well, for one, austin is my student.

- que:
  - couldn't we go out in the real world?
  ans:
  - i'm not so good in the real world.

- que:
  - hi, sarah?
  ans:
  - it's jake anderson, the idiot from the dog park.

- que:
  - you want to give me another chance?
  ans:
  - i had a couple of icebreakers.

- que:
  - good food?
  ans:
  - no, not particularly.

- que:
  - see?
  ans:
  - they're waving.

- que:
  - how are you?
  ans:
  - hello.

- que:
  - nice, right?
  ans:
  - sarah, mr. and mrs. parseghian.

- que:
  - i asked him, \"where is the youth hostel?
  ans:
  - it's all i remember.

- que:
  - what is it that you do, exactly?
  ans:
  - god, no wonder i live alone.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - does anyone buy those?
  ans:
  - nope.

- que:
  - where's the fun in that ride?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - what are we doing here together?
  ans:
  - five, 10 years down the road, gets a lot harder.

- que:
  - i'm really scaring you right now, aren't i?
  ans:
  - just a little bit.

- que:
  - you know?
  ans:
  - once you've got the shit beat out of you.

- que:
  - why is a dazzling woman like you single?
  ans:
  - you can do it.

- que:
  - what have we got to lose?
  ans:
  - after the dinner we shake hands, \"good night, \"never see each other again.

- que:
  - why would i have one?
  ans:
  - for occasions like this.

- que:
  - you didn't bring one?
  ans:
  - i didn't want to jinx it.

- que:
  - montessori?
  ans:
  - yeah, yeah.

- que:
  - is this the fastest you can go?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - what's wrong?
  ans:
  - well, the magic is gone a little.

- que:
  - do i get my meat?
  ans:
  - thank you.

- que:
  - what's the matter?
  ans:
  - he's so cute.

- que:
  - you had a guy talking and you let him escape?
  ans:
  - i'm not sure i actually understood a lot of what he said.

- que:
  - and are we talking full sentences here or just grunting?
  ans:
  - he's quite emotional.

- que:
  - what happened exactly?
  ans:
  - come on, tell me.

- que:
  - how much baba ganoush can you have?
  ans:
  - then we started making out, which was like being in 11th grade.

- que:
  - fast lane?
  ans:
  - you're not even on the on ramp.

- que:
  - wanna know what we used?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - did it work?
  ans:
  - maeve was born nine months...... and one day later.

- que:
  - wouldn't we all?
  ans:
  - man, this is absolutely gorgeous.

- que:
  - did you race a lot in college?
  ans:
  - i don't plan to race it.

- que:
  - excuse me?
  ans:
  - yeah, cut it in half lengthwise.

- que:
  - you want to mount the boat?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - he's kidding, right?
  ans:
  - wouldn't that be nice.

- que:
  - so what?
  ans:
  - right.

- que:
  - are you thinking about completely closing the sale any time soon?
  ans:
  - i tell you about a night with an unusual woman...... and you turn it into a business transaction.

- que:
  - and if we were selling real estate?
  ans:
  - we'd be in escrow this weekend.

- que:
  - what is the new one's name again?
  ans:
  - i believe that is marlene.

- que:
  - with the clock ticking?
  ans:
  - because i have someone special for you.

- que:
  - yes?
  ans:
  - he's my first cousin.

- que:
  - who do you think he'il go with?
  ans:
  - tennyson.

- que:
  - both of you.
  ans:
  - who knows her daddy?

- que:
  - so, what do you think of my competition?
  ans:
  - i don't really wanna discuss my father's...

- que:
  - your guy go younger?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - it does seem to trend that way, doesn't it?
  ans:
  - when they're 80, they want 60.

- que:
  - so you didn't see it coming, huh?
  ans:
  - no, i thought we were happy.

- que:
  - you're on this, aren't you?
  ans:
  - perfectmatch. com.

- que:
  - what, just one site?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - did i mention that she's pregnant?
  ans:
  - go get it.

- que:
  - what are you doing in the real world?
  ans:
  - dogsitting.

- que:
  - you kidding me?
  ans:
  - i'm half labrador.

- que:
  - but it's a good age, right?
  ans:
  - i think so.

- que:
  - a boy needs a dog, right?
  ans:
  - absolutely.

- que:
  - who else is gonna eat his vegetables for him?
  ans:
  - i can't tell you what it means to me that austin's so happy in school.

- que:
  - hello?
  ans:
  - so i know our dates aren't beginning...... or ending well, but i find the middle intriguing.

- que:
  - are you kidding me?
  ans:
  - you're this whole new style, this whole new system.

- que:
  - do you write this stuff down?
  ans:
  - no, that actually came out of my head.

- que:
  - sarah, is everything okay?
  ans:
  - sarah.

- que:
  - she's gotta be what, 100?
  ans:
  - oh, come on, jeremy, be nice.

- que:
  - fifteen?
  ans:
  - you said you were 17.

- que:
  - june?
  ans:
  - i didn't know you were...

- que:
  - sure you don't want to come in?
  ans:
  - we opened a bottle of wine.

- que:
  - you all right?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - it's just a false alarm?
  ans:
  - definitely a false alarm.

- que:
  - boats are still on the water, right?
  ans:
  - i hope so, otherwise i wasted a lot of time designing the hull.

- que:
  - how?
  ans:
  - a challenge.

- que:
  - okay?
  ans:
  - okay.

- que:
  - and rhythm and timing, see?
  ans:
  - balance and rhythm.

- que:
  - see, it's not that bad, is it?
  ans:
  - no, i like rowing.

- que:
  - you okay, pal?
  ans:
  - oh, no.

- que:
  - where are you going?
  ans:
  - oh, i just spoke to jennifer.

- que:
  - okay?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - where do you live?
  ans:
  - of course you realize when jake gets here, you'il have to excuse yourself.

- que:
  - i'm sure that seemed pretty awkward, huh?
  ans:
  - no, no.

- que:
  - how you doing?
  ans:
  - my brother michael.

- que:
  - what were we?
  ans:
  - sarah left stuff at my place tonight, thought it'd be better to get it back.

- que:
  - okay?
  ans:
  - okay.

- que:
  - where do you want me to put him?
  ans:
  - maybe i'il put him here.

- que:
  - we've seen each other what, four times now?
  ans:
  - i realize that.

- que:
  - you won't let me explain?
  ans:
  - let me do it.

- que:
  - but the big question is, how will the rookies perform?
  ans:
  - you could do this.

- que:
  - any plans for the holiday?
  ans:
  - dad's house, a thousand relatives.

- que:
  - how about you?
  ans:
  - eric's parents are back in town.

- que:
  - are we okay?
  ans:
  - sure.

- que:
  - why wouldn't we be?
  ans:
  - i had no idea you and bobby were...

- que:
  - you're not afraid that'd be too sentimental?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - did i tell you she was a teacher?
  ans:
  - preschool.

- que:
  - you want kids?
  ans:
  - oh, yeah.

- que:
  - what do you mean, \"if\"?
  ans:
  - his mother and my mother were sisters.

- que:
  - ron detmer?
  ans:
  - he's my optometrist.

- que:
  - how many fingers am i holding up?
  ans:
  - sarah, great news.

- que:
  - why don't i believe you?
  ans:
  - look, you care about someone, they're in a lot of pain, you cut them some slack.

- que:
  - let alone birthdays and religious affiliations?
  ans:
  - i have it all on a disk.

- que:
  - are we still talking about me?
  ans:
  - because i can't tell anymore.

- que:
  - you see?
  ans:
  - i'il be right there.

- que:
  - hi, can i..?
  ans:
  - look who's here.

- que:
  - you wanna at least hear the specials?
  ans:
  - i'm supposed to tell them to you, that's all.

- que:
  - you wanna talk about it?
  ans:
  - you know, you're not a bartender.

- que:
  - have you tried the internet?
  ans:
  - i mean, it really works.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - and i've been to italy a lot too.

- que:
  - big fat guy, right?
  ans:
  - before that, switzerland.

- que:
  - were you surprised that i called?
  ans:
  - little bit.

- que:
  - what time is it?
  ans:
  - it's a little after 9.

- que:
  - do you mind if we take that and go?
  ans:
  - i don't wanna run into traffic.

- que:
  - you gonna eat that?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - it's just that you told me nothing happened.

- que:
  - you mad at me?
  ans:
  - no, i'm not mad at you.

- que:
  - these aren't even real, are they?
  ans:
  - sorry.

- que:
  - what about that cute guy i met?
  ans:
  - condom man.

- que:
  - condom man?
  ans:
  - sounds like a superhero.

- que:
  - you think your friend still wants to buy my boat?
  ans:
  - let him chop it up, stick it on his wall.

- que:
  - seriously?
  ans:
  - tell him to come by the boat basin this weekend.

- que:
  - where have you been all my life?
  ans:
  - waiting for you.

- que:
  - you know that, don't you?
  ans:
  - i do.

- que:
  - that's not too gay?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what color?
  ans:
  - white.

- que:
  - what color nail?
  ans:
  - after wax.

- que:
  - what do you think?
  ans:
  - your nail, not mine.

- que:
  - not much love life, huh?
  ans:
  - not getting younger.

- que:
  - why do i always get the surly manicurist?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - does a good job, right?
  ans:
  - oh, my god.

- que:
  - what do they call those?
  ans:
  - pot sticker, with the potholders.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - it's so depressing.

- que:
  - they're communists, right?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - do you want to be russians tonight?
  ans:
  - let's go.

- que:
  - you're not coming in?
  ans:
  - no, i'm kind of tired.

- que:
  - aren't we gonna do the russian thing?
  ans:
  - that's russian for \"no.

- que:
  - was it something that i did..?
  ans:
  - no, no, no.

- que:
  - and you'd really like it to, wouldn't you?
  ans:
  - i can't take this.

- que:
  - you like her?
  ans:
  - she's a handsome boat.

- que:
  - you built this boat yourself?
  ans:
  - yes, sir.

- que:
  - you build boats?
  ans:
  - no, no.

- que:
  - why would you do a thing like that?
  ans:
  - it's a long story.

- que:
  - am i right?
  ans:
  - she was a unique constellation of attributes.

- que:
  - universe is designed to break your heart, yes?
  ans:
  - a philosopher as well as an artist.

- que:
  - carol called you, didn't she?
  ans:
  - she's afraid i'm getting into my pajamas again.

- que:
  - any word from aunt eileen?
  ans:
  - she said to tell you that casey donovan was adopted.

- que:
  - what did you just say?
  ans:
  - it's a nice turn of phrase, but it's not my own.

- que:
  - is he here?
  ans:
  - no, he isn't.

- que:
  - you're \"must love dogs, \"aren't you?
  ans:
  - you've already crushed him, he's been moping for weeks.

- que:
  - where is he?
  ans:
  - i can't tell you that.

- que:
  - where is he?
  ans:
  - i'm not telling you.

- que:
  - jake?
  ans:
  - jake.

- que:
  - what are you doing?
  ans:
  - all right.

- que:
  - was there something you wanted to say to me?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - what's up?
  ans:
  - i owe you my story.

- que:
  - hi, how can i..?
  ans:
  - don't worry, i got it.

- que:
  - and do you have any dog bones back there?
  ans:
  - if you do, throw them in the cart.

- que:
  - what are the specials today?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - how many people are actually in this family?
  ans:
  - oh, that's a great story.

- que:
  - how we met?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - tennyson?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - who knows her daddy?
  ans:
  - oh, my gosh, i did not think i was ready to settle down...... but look at the size of this rock.

- que:
  - and you want to know what else?
  ans:
  - i'm gonna get a cute little tattoo...... in someplace that's n o n of your business.

- que:
  - and wanna know what it's gonna say?
  ans:
  - mrs. casey donovan.

- que:
  - and you think you have all this worldly experience, right?
  ans:
  - that's point a.

- que:
  - you get confused, right?
  ans:
  - no, a f riend told me.

- que:
  - been here long?
  ans:
  - no, but i've been here bef ore.

- que:
  - do you like the place?
  ans:
  - no means of escape.

- que:
  - don't you know the story?
  ans:
  - it was all the gossip last year.

- que:
  - will you start?
  ans:
  - you are still the same... as though i left you only yesterday.

- que:
  - what has become of you all this time?
  ans:
  - nothing, since i am still the same.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - i value my f r eedom.

- que:
  - why not her e?
  ans:
  - it's a f unny place.

- que:
  - t o be f r ee, you mean?
  ans:
  - y es, especially that.

- que:
  - have you never noticed this?
  ans:
  - i've never had such a good guide bef ore.

- que:
  - are there so many secrets here?
  ans:
  - legions.

- que:
  - why do you look at me like that?
  ans:
  - you hardly seem to remember me.

- que:
  - what if you play first?
  ans:
  - 309, 307, 305, 303... chandeliers, chandeliers, pearls, mirrors... corridors with not a soul in sight.

- que:
  - or are you pretending not to recognize me?
  ans:
  - a year already, perhaps more.

- que:
  - why do they have a dog?
  ans:
  - it's not theirs.

- que:
  - why should i wait f or you?
  ans:
  - i have myself waited a long time f or you.

- que:
  - in your dreams?
  ans:
  - and you are trying to escape once more.

- que:
  - what do you mean?
  ans:
  - i don't understand a thing you say.

- que:
  - if they were dreams... why should you be afraid?
  ans:
  - v ery well, tell me the rest of our story.

- que:
  - where?
  ans:
  - that doesn't matter.

- que:
  - did you see it?
  ans:
  - no, a friend told me.

- que:
  - do you know what i've just heard?
  ans:
  - at this time last year... it was so cold that the lakes froze.

- que:
  - what do you want from me?
  ans:
  - you know it's impossible.

- que:
  - are you going to the concert?
  ans:
  - you know.

- que:
  - what is your name?
  ans:
  - you know it doesn't matter.

- que:
  - why does it have to be me?
  ans:
  - you were waiting f or me.

- que:
  - do you remember?
  ans:
  - it's not true... probably.

- que:
  - what sort of lif e will you have me lead?
  ans:
  - it's not a question of another lif e.

- que:
  - who is he?
  ans:
  - i don't know anymor e.

- que:
  - what was the mirr or like?
  ans:
  - ther e's no mirr or over the fireplace.

- que:
  - what sort of bed?
  ans:
  - a double bed, probably.

- que:
  - what was the view from the window?
  ans:
  - i've never been in any room with you.

- que:
  - don't you recognize this photograph, either?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - are you tired?
  ans:
  - if you want to.

- que:
  - where will we go?
  ans:
  - anywhere.

- que:
  - why do you always want to escape?
  ans:
  - i kept a photograph of you... taken one afternoon in the park a f ew days bef ore you left.

- que:
  - didn't you hear?
  ans:
  - y es.

- que:
  - what is the photograph?
  ans:
  - as you can see, it's an old photograph of me.

- que:
  - when was it taken?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - who took it?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - what did you do this afternoon?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - were you in the park?
  ans:
  - no, in the green salon, near the music room.

- que:
  - did you have something to tell me?
  ans:
  - you look upset.

- que:
  - are you going out?
  ans:
  - i think i'il go to the shooting gallery.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - anderson arrives tomorrow.

- que:
  - what other plans?
  ans:
  - you're insane.

- que:
  - which row?
  ans:
  - begin now, please.

- que:
  - which would you like me to take?
  ans:
  - this one.

- que:
  - why delay now?
  ans:
  - please, we must.

- que:
  - until when?
  ans:
  - i'm telling you.

- que:
  - do you think it's so easy?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - a slight indisposition, no doubt?
  ans:
  - y es, it's nothing.

- que:
  - you're f eeling better?
  ans:
  - y es, i'm going to my room.

- que:
  - shall i come with you?
  ans:
  - i'd rather be alone.

- que:
  - where are you, my lost love?
  ans:
  - i am here with you, in this room.

- que:
  - what are you doing?
  ans:
  - you never know, might find something.

- que:
  - are you in a hurry?
  ans:
  - we're almost there.

- que:
  - is that good water from el daba?
  ans:
  - yes, a two liter canteen.

- que:
  - what do you mean, sir?
  ans:
  - i asked for substitutes, i expected at least 10 men.

- que:
  - are you alone?
  ans:
  - yes, sir.

- que:
  - are you an urban vigilante?
  ans:
  - i'm a university volunteer.

- que:
  - what do you study?
  ans:
  - literature and philosophy, third year.

- que:
  - why didn't you finish?
  ans:
  - i heard soldiers were needed on the front, i'd be a coward not to go.

- que:
  - where are you from?
  ans:
  - palermo.

- que:
  - what's being said in italy?
  ans:
  - we'il arrive in alexandria and drive the british out of egypt.

- que:
  - how's the weather there?
  ans:
  - fall has begun, but we're still swimming in palermo.

- que:
  - is that good water?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - why did he tell me to remove it?
  ans:
  - some people have been in africa for two years now.

- que:
  - what was that?
  ans:
  - pvt. serra.

- que:
  - who was the corporal?
  ans:
  - part of the command company.

- que:
  - what miracle?
  ans:
  - that's enough.

- que:
  - is that good water?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - is he dead?
  ans:
  - the war is over for him.

- que:
  - our artillery?
  ans:
  - the remaining cannons are in the north.

- que:
  - got that?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - the mail?
  ans:
  - on and off.

- que:
  - everything okay?
  ans:
  - yes, lieutenant.

- que:
  - how's it going?
  ans:
  - fine.

- que:
  - hit by 88's?
  ans:
  - no, by a sniper.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - let's go.

- que:
  - what happened?
  ans:
  - the two linemen were adjusting the telephone cables... and they were shot by a sniper.

- que:
  - how did he get there?
  ans:
  - perhaps behind those wrecks.

- que:
  - do you feel like going?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - did you see where he's shooting from?
  ans:
  - i saw a spark from behind that truck.

- que:
  - are you sure?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - who'il go call tarozzi?
  ans:
  - over there.

- que:
  - who's tarozzi?
  ans:
  - me.

- que:
  - you called for me?
  ans:
  - set up the mortar.

- que:
  - see that wreck?
  ans:
  - yes, sir.

- que:
  - see what he did to our boys?
  ans:
  - yes, sir.

- que:
  - got it?
  ans:
  - i'il get him, i swear.

- que:
  - know why rations arrive at night?
  ans:
  - so we can't see all the flies in the food.

- que:
  - when will we get to alexandria, to cairo?
  ans:
  - maybe you don't get it.

- que:
  - you've become an expert on military strategies?
  ans:
  - it's common sense.

- que:
  - if he made it this far, why can't he advance some more?
  ans:
  - if he stopped, something must have happened.

- que:
  - sergeant, what do you think?
  ans:
  - that you talk too much.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - a british truck.

- que:
  - where?
  ans:
  - to do some shopping.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - i stepped on something.

- que:
  - what do we have here?
  ans:
  - the british will come get him, they'il handle it.

- que:
  - want some?
  ans:
  - british vitamins.

- que:
  - all this talk about miracles... what is it?
  ans:
  - look at this.

- que:
  - what would you call that?
  ans:
  - when you step on a mine that doesn't explode... grenade splinters hit the pit... and the guy next to you dies... these are miracles.

- que:
  - and you, how many do you have left?
  ans:
  - we used them up long ago.

- que:
  - how can you tell?
  ans:
  - your nose becomes thin and long... and your ears, transparent like tissue paper.

- que:
  - you're pulling my leg, right?
  ans:
  - good morning, lieutenant.

- que:
  - naqb rala, south sector, why?
  ans:
  - i knew i'd get lost.

- que:
  - these aren't supply trucks?
  ans:
  - no, special transport.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - for the parade, when we reach alexandria.

- que:
  - what's in this truck?
  ans:
  - a horse.

- que:
  - who's going to kill it?
  ans:
  - sorry, you're a beauty but we're in bad shape.

- que:
  - are we lost?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - know where we are?
  ans:
  - more or less.

- que:
  - are you from the pavia division?
  ans:
  - yes, that's us.

- que:
  - we have to drink diesel tainted water?
  ans:
  - you should thank god i brought them.

- que:
  - how long since you've gotten a water supply?
  ans:
  - seems you're not doing well.

- que:
  - thousands of tanks, and what for?
  ans:
  - to rinse the generals 'underwear.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - if i transported grappa... we'd be at the pyramids by now.

- que:
  - i asked because... about 40 kilometers from here... is the sea.
  ans:
  - spagna, how long since you've had a bath?

- que:
  - are you crazy?
  ans:
  - we'il dive in and leave.

- que:
  - shall we go or not?
  ans:
  - let's go.

- que:
  - why don't we stay here?
  ans:
  - we'il hide away and wait here for the end of the war.

- que:
  - who are you?
  ans:
  - that the british took you as prisoner and you managed to flee.

- que:
  - how long have you been in africa?
  ans:
  - two years.

- que:
  - you never went back to italy?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what is this stuff?
  ans:
  - camel steaks.

- que:
  - where did they come from?
  ans:
  - serra did it.

- que:
  - weren't you on lookout today?
  ans:
  - yes, sir.

- que:
  - at the lookout point?
  ans:
  - yes, near there.

- que:
  - how was it killed?
  ans:
  - i shot it.

- que:
  - isn't this supposed to be a mined area?
  ans:
  - i believe so.

- que:
  - how did the camel get here without blowing up?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - what's the situation?
  ans:
  - it's all de mined here.

- que:
  - can you close the gap?
  ans:
  - we'il try.

- que:
  - any news from command?
  ans:
  - we've been cut off, we know nothing.

- que:
  - which sector will they attack?
  ans:
  - they say to be on guard.

- que:
  - if they attack with tanks, how will we stop them?
  ans:
  - that's what i heard.

- que:
  - you called for me, sir?
  ans:
  - rizzo, sit down.

- que:
  - the depression?
  ans:
  - they want to be sure the enemy won't attack through the depression.

- que:
  - got it?
  ans:
  - good.

- que:
  - lf we encounter the enemy?
  ans:
  - leave immediately.

- que:
  - know why i chose you?
  ans:
  - because you're the youngest, you're a volunteer... and the last to arrive.

- que:
  - we're below sea level here, right?
  ans:
  - according to the map we're at 70 below.

- que:
  - how far have we gone?
  ans:
  - about 12 kilometers.

- que:
  - sergeant, what is it?
  ans:
  - it's a mirage.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - i wonder who drew these.

- que:
  - when the ancient romans were here?
  ans:
  - long before that... at least 10, 000 years ago.

- que:
  - 10, 000?
  ans:
  - i can't even imagine a number like that.

- que:
  - know what i miss most?
  ans:
  - the green fields behind my house.

- que:
  - know how to ski?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - see anyone?
  ans:
  - no, no one.

- que:
  - what if the british are there?
  ans:
  - they'il shoot at us.

- que:
  - what will we do now?
  ans:
  - we'il go back.

- que:
  - is it october 23rd?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - it's my wife's birthday.

- que:
  - how old is she?
  ans:
  - 30.

- que:
  - what are you doing?
  ans:
  - fixing the case.

- que:
  - how are you?
  ans:
  - fine.

- que:
  - nothing, why?
  ans:
  - your hair turned white.

- que:
  - where's spagna?
  ans:
  - spagna...

- que:
  - spagna, how are you?
  ans:
  - it came down like hail.

- que:
  - what happened to de vita?
  ans:
  - a grenade landed three meters from him, made a huge hole, but he's fine.

- que:
  - how many boys did we lose?
  ans:
  - at least 20, between dead and injured.

- que:
  - who are you?
  ans:
  - pavia division.

- que:
  - how's your situation here?
  ans:
  - last night was a nightmare.

- que:
  - what should we do?
  ans:
  - take post at point 115, between the 24th and 20th.

- que:
  - are there tanks?
  ans:
  - they promised us the ariete tanks and the german panzers... but we can only count on our forces now.

- que:
  - got it?
  ans:
  - write to me.

- que:
  - what do they say?
  ans:
  - ii duce deems it necessary to maintain the front at all costs.

- que:
  - and the germans?
  ans:
  - they lost almost all of their armored divisions.

- que:
  - what'il we do?
  ans:
  - disengage and establish a new line of defense... 30 kilometers from here, at qaret el khadim.

- que:
  - the folgore division, too?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - are they sending trucks?
  ans:
  - no, there are none.

- que:
  - can we be of help?
  ans:
  - no, i don't need anything.

- que:
  - you're not wounded?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - want us to send a vehicle for you?
  ans:
  - thank you.

- que:
  - whom did i have the honor of speaking to?
  ans:
  - it doesn't matter anymore.

- que:
  - where are you going?
  ans:
  - to qaret el khadim.

- que:
  - where's command?
  ans:
  - there isn't one, it's a hospital.

- que:
  - how will we get to fuka?
  ans:
  - that truck is leaving soon.

- que:
  - what will you do?
  ans:
  - i'm staying here.

- que:
  - how are you?
  ans:
  - yes, sir.

- que:
  - where are you going?
  ans:
  - retreating to fuka, taking the injured to the hospital.

- que:
  - aren't we retreating?
  ans:
  - this is an active war, sometimes we go forward, sometimes we go back.

- que:
  - will you send one for the injured men?
  ans:
  - sure, will do.

- que:
  - we can only hope something will happen... anything that will put an end... to the humiliation of this endless end.
  ans:
  - shall we go?

- que:
  - lieutenant, how's the wound?
  ans:
  - fine.

- que:
  - want to eat something?
  ans:
  - we have some extra canned goods.

- que:
  - it's the last one?
  ans:
  - eat.

- que:
  - will we make it back home?
  ans:
  - we'il make it.

- que:
  - who do i think i am?
  ans:
  - back to what happened yesterday....

- que:
  - see?
  ans:
  - i have an angel's face.

- que:
  - see my eyes?
  ans:
  - they're so clear and blue you'd give your own for them.

- que:
  - you see my hair?
  ans:
  - angel blond.

- que:
  - you know my aunt?
  ans:
  - she says i'm so blond, i iook iike a spot.

- que:
  - want me to take you in, asshole?
  ans:
  - sammy, cup of coffee, please.

- que:
  - why did you do that?
  ans:
  - i've never ieft this place... although someone did try to help me once.

- que:
  - mrs. jarjoura?
  ans:
  - i am claire soulier, chimo's french teacher.

- que:
  - mrs. soulier... could you come back iater?
  ans:
  - it's time for our prayer.

- que:
  - yes, madame?
  ans:
  - it takes me an hour each time to correct your essays... but see, i photocopied them ail.

- que:
  - did you write them yourself?
  ans:
  - quite a few misspeilings, but it doesn't matter.

- que:
  - chimo, what do you want to do in the future?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - to do what?
  ans:
  - famous writers teach there, they can give you a hand.

- que:
  - how much is it?
  ans:
  - i'ii find the money.

- que:
  - what did she want?
  ans:
  - i may go to paris.

- que:
  - i hear jews give us jobs and pussy... and then we have to spy for them.
  ans:
  - paris?

- que:
  - who knows?
  ans:
  - shut up.

- que:
  - what else?
  ans:
  - she said i'm a good writer.

- que:
  - who cares if your old man ran away with that french whore?
  ans:
  - just trying to protect you, man.

- que:
  - why go somewhere else?
  ans:
  - i'd iook iike iess of a ioser if i stayed here with the iosers.

- que:
  - are you sure he's indian?
  ans:
  - of course he is.

- que:
  - so?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - nothing?
  ans:
  - we're not about conquering the world.

- que:
  - who's she?
  ans:
  - i've seen her around.

- que:
  - so what?
  ans:
  - my pussy.

- que:
  - how much?
  ans:
  - whatever you iike.

- que:
  - why do you want to show it to me?
  ans:
  - i told you, i just feei iike it tonight.

- que:
  - but not other nights?
  ans:
  - depends.

- que:
  - why's that?
  ans:
  - cause you're not the only one.

- que:
  - so you've shown it to others?
  ans:
  - shit.

- que:
  - what's the difference?
  ans:
  - a quickie, i just iift my skirt.

- que:
  - it's free and you're bitching?
  ans:
  - the offer won't iast.

- que:
  - shaii i take your temperature?
  ans:
  - enough.

- que:
  - how are you getting home?
  ans:
  - on my camel.

- que:
  - got a hard on?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - do you want me to take it out?
  ans:
  - you can't do it here.

- que:
  - want to bet?
  ans:
  - no one wiii notice, i promise.

- que:
  - feels good?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - what's yours?
  ans:
  - give that sweet butt a rest, i'ii give you a ride.

- que:
  - did you see what i just saw?
  ans:
  - she and i, a happy couple.

- que:
  - didn't she just trash you?
  ans:
  - shut up.

- que:
  - olive what?
  ans:
  - skin.

- que:
  - you iike olive oii skin?
  ans:
  - yes, i do.

- que:
  - looking at my face?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - do you iike it?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - what is?
  ans:
  - that it could take in a big penis.

- que:
  - how come you speak english?
  ans:
  - i don't.

- que:
  - ever seen an american red barn?
  ans:
  - only on tv.

- que:
  - what were you doing in america?
  ans:
  - i spent the summer.

- que:
  - did you iike it?
  ans:
  - there was this guy... he used to work on a tractor.

- que:
  - and then?
  ans:
  - then he came up.

- que:
  - and then?
  ans:
  - then we ate.

- que:
  - and then?
  ans:
  - chimo.

- que:
  - ever got iaid in a haystack?
  ans:
  - there is no hay in shady grove.

- que:
  - you met a iot of americans?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - are they iike the french?
  ans:
  - they ask fewer questions.

- que:
  - and what's to become of me?
  ans:
  - no one understands me.

- que:
  - does that lila chick ever talk to any of you?
  ans:
  - not to me.

- que:
  - me?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - are you sure?
  ans:
  - of course i'm sure.

- que:
  - can i talk to you?
  ans:
  - go ahead.

- que:
  - you think a hot chick iike her wiii stick to just one guy?
  ans:
  - i don't want to go monkeying around under her window.

- que:
  - did you hear that?
  ans:
  - we're \"monkeying \"around.

- que:
  - why didn't you pay the biil?
  ans:
  - i gave you 50 euros.

- que:
  - and next month you'ii ask for another one?
  ans:
  - don't smoke.

- que:
  - do you know how much a pack costs?
  ans:
  - i'ii teii you.

- que:
  - what's wrong?
  ans:
  - calm down.

- que:
  - chimo, remember what i said?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - so how do you feel?
  ans:
  - fine.

- que:
  - lila, do you want to go away with me?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - where to?
  ans:
  - we'ii see.

- que:
  - are you okay?
  ans:
  - i came for my aunt.

- que:
  - teii me, chimo... do i bother you?
  ans:
  - not at ail.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - weil, maybe it's a bit too much.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - a treat.

- que:
  - you think he'd iike that?
  ans:
  - i'm not sure, but i would.

- que:
  - is that what you'd do?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - it would hurt too much... to see the giri i love screw other guys.

- que:
  - is that what love is to you?
  ans:
  - kind of, yes.

- que:
  - ever been in iove?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - you're not sure?
  ans:
  - me, neither.

- que:
  - would you iike your guy to screw some girls as a treat for you?
  ans:
  - i'd love it.

- que:
  - you saw his eyes?
  ans:
  - born brain dead.

- que:
  - why me?
  ans:
  - i'm just an arab, dark and curly.

- que:
  - they buy semen?
  ans:
  - i'ii eat your panties.

- que:
  - want a ride?
  ans:
  - she doesn't need one.

- que:
  - you know you have beautifui eyes?
  ans:
  - and hair... and skin... and everything else, too.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - i don't want to.

- que:
  - are you deaf, or am i not good enough?
  ans:
  - let her go.

- que:
  - you know her?
  ans:
  - she just showed up at the clinic.

- que:
  - what did you talk about?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - what else are you hiding from me?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - where are you guys?
  ans:
  - i bought tons of food.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - get iost.

- que:
  - who next?
  ans:
  - your turn, chimo.

- que:
  - are you a fag?
  ans:
  - if you are, it's okay.

- que:
  - what's this about?
  ans:
  - your iimp dick.

- que:
  - which is it?
  ans:
  - i've had it.

- que:
  - and stops screwing around?
  ans:
  - don't know.

- que:
  - what are you thinking about?
  ans:
  - some guys put an idea into my head.

- que:
  - what guys?
  ans:
  - guys scouting around.

- que:
  - scouting for what?
  ans:
  - porn films.

- que:
  - why did you teii them that?
  ans:
  - i thought they wouldn't notice.

- que:
  - ever been in a film before?
  ans:
  - but you're tempted.

- que:
  - like what?
  ans:
  - beyond getting screwed, chimo...

- que:
  - would you do me a favor?
  ans:
  - yeah, i guess.

- que:
  - could you film me while i'm screwing?
  ans:
  - i don't think i can.

- que:
  - why do you ask me that?
  ans:
  - it would be a treat for both of us.

- que:
  - who told you i'd iike it?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - about what?
  ans:
  - you know.

- que:
  - where were you?
  ans:
  - i had work to do.

- que:
  - so?
  ans:
  - since he ieft, you're angry aii the time.

- que:
  - what was the dream about?
  ans:
  - stuff you wouldn't believe.

- que:
  - like what?
  ans:
  - i was screwing 100 guys at once.

- que:
  - and you know what?
  ans:
  - they aii had your face.

- que:
  - what have i done to deserve this?
  ans:
  - i knew you'd come.

- que:
  - you want to hear it?
  ans:
  - yes, i do.

- que:
  - you saw what?
  ans:
  - i saw him with my own eyes.

- que:
  - how do you know it was the devil?
  ans:
  - he told me.

- que:
  - and the smoke?
  ans:
  - maybe it was one of the sand niggers.

- que:
  - a rat tail?
  ans:
  - it trailed aii over the floor.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - to fuck an angel.

- que:
  - who?
  ans:
  - the devil.

- que:
  - how does he know... it both scares me and turns me on?
  ans:
  - what a feeling.

- que:
  - about what?
  ans:
  - i don't know, those stories.

- que:
  - if you don't, why are you iistening to me?
  ans:
  - i believe you, lila.

- que:
  - father, is she possessed?
  ans:
  - calm down, madame.

- que:
  - miss... can you teii me where it happened?
  ans:
  - in my bedroom.

- que:
  - when?
  ans:
  - this morning.

- que:
  - and this thing, what did it iook iike?
  ans:
  - horns, claws... the usual.

- que:
  - and what does she want from me?
  ans:
  - she, too, must think i'm an idiot because i haven't jumped her yet.

- que:
  - why not teii what reaily happened?
  ans:
  - he's so fucking dumb.

- que:
  - she talks cocks and pussies, and you know what he does?
  ans:
  - he holds her hand.

- que:
  - why do you think she's after you?
  ans:
  - you teii me.

- que:
  - how can she come up with this shit?
  ans:
  - she's sick, that's what i say.

- que:
  - how do you think she got her moped?
  ans:
  - from a friend.

- que:
  - a friend?
  ans:
  - try a customer.

- que:
  - did you see it?
  ans:
  - don't teii me you didn't.

- que:
  - saw me what?
  ans:
  - get into a gray car with curtains.

- que:
  - can't i have friends who'ii take me out for a ride?
  ans:
  - so it's true.

- que:
  - i jerked you off once, so what?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - what if i iike it?
  ans:
  - anyway, i don't care.

- que:
  - what about the devil?
  ans:
  - you could've stood up for me... but you didn't.

- que:
  - turn you on?
  ans:
  - that, too.

- que:
  - do you know that?
  ans:
  - i even thought... we might get married... and have kids.

- que:
  - damn it, can't you see i love you?
  ans:
  - dumbest moment of my iife.

- que:
  - could i film her iike she wants with a bunch of masked sex maniacs?
  ans:
  - i might go completely out of control... smash everything around and iose her for good.

- que:
  - what's wrong?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - what do you mean?
  ans:
  - what i said about the blond girl.

- que:
  - what's going on?
  ans:
  - teii your scumbag friends never to set foot here again.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - i told you, that's it.

- que:
  - are you sure?
  ans:
  - heilo.

- que:
  - do you know where i could reach her?
  ans:
  - i love you.

- que:
  - lila\"?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - why me?
  ans:
  - cause i iike your eyes when i talk to you.

- que:
  - think you're ready for the show?
  ans:
  - 02, sam at 7:00.

- que:
  - yes, sir?
  ans:
  - apparently john was on a mission over hanoi, and he was shot down.

- que:
  - did anyone see him eject?
  ans:
  - no, but we got a report, his plane took a hit from an sa 2.

- que:
  - is there anything we can do?
  ans:
  - carol, it's jack and roberta.

- que:
  - are the kids still up?
  ans:
  - no, the children are all in bed.

- que:
  - are you okay?
  ans:
  - one of us could fly out there.

- que:
  - get up, johnny.
  ans:
  - what's your name?

- que:
  - can i offer you some coffee, capt. mccain?
  ans:
  - no, thank you.

- que:
  - has he lied, cheated, or stolen anything?
  ans:
  - we have one of the oldest honor code traditions in the country, captain.

- que:
  - what happened?
  ans:
  - he die.

- que:
  - where are you taking him?
  ans:
  - morning, mccain.

- que:
  - what is the name of that soldier?
  ans:
  - too many.

- que:
  - how could you let him die?
  ans:
  - we did not invite him here.

- que:
  - okay?
  ans:
  - hello.

- que:
  - how are you being treated?
  ans:
  - i'm grateful... for the medical aid i've received and for the operation... the doctors have promised to perform on my leg.

- que:
  - are they feeding you well?
  ans:
  - it's not paris, but i eat it.

- que:
  - can you repeat them for us?
  ans:
  - that would be okay, i guess.

- que:
  - is there anything you would like to say to your family?
  ans:
  - i would just like to say...

- que:
  - what did you do?
  ans:
  - it was unanimous.

- que:
  - well, i'm here, aren't i?
  ans:
  - the destroyer.

- que:
  - where was the destroyer?
  ans:
  - about 3, 000 feet from us... going in the opposite direction.

- que:
  - you scared?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - i guess we fooled them?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - you think i'm gonna like this place?
  ans:
  - you're not supposed to like it.

- que:
  - may i be of assistance, sir?
  ans:
  - thank you, witt.

- que:
  - precisely 111, dummy.
  ans:
  - next army navy game?

- que:
  - you think your daddy's gonna cover your ass in here?
  ans:
  - sir, i don't need him to, sir.

- que:
  - hey, how you doing, partner?
  ans:
  - i'm bud day.

- que:
  - what do you think, norris?
  ans:
  - no question about it.

- que:
  - you got that?
  ans:
  - i got it.

- que:
  - what's the admiral doing, sir?
  ans:
  - that could be a minefield out there.

- que:
  - you save his ass, too?
  ans:
  - he's the toughest son of a bitch i've ever met.

- que:
  - pretty big mess?
  ans:
  - hey, get back here, mac.

- que:
  - is that what they call one of those ducktails?
  ans:
  - you're an embarrassment to this institution, and you will bilge out.

- que:
  - missing the dance, mccain?
  ans:
  - my choice, sir.

- que:
  - you having fun?
  ans:
  - a ball.

- que:
  - you questioning my authority, mister?
  ans:
  - lady witt layer cake.

- que:
  - may i have this dance?
  ans:
  - yes, you may.

- que:
  - your dress sweats?
  ans:
  - the best i could do under the circumstances, ma'am.

- que:
  - ma'am?
  ans:
  - miss.

- que:
  - or is that a military thing, too?
  ans:
  - willing to make the adjustment, miss.

- que:
  - where?
  ans:
  - sam johnson, bill lawrence...

- que:
  - jim, jimmy?
  ans:
  - try just the last names.

- que:
  - how'd it go?
  ans:
  - okay.

- que:
  - same old questions?
  ans:
  - they offered me amnesty.

- que:
  - what'd you tell them?
  ans:
  - i told them i'd think about it.

- que:
  - what'd they want from you?
  ans:
  - the usual crap.

- que:
  - did you make any propaganda statement, or did you say anything you'd regret later?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - you saved my life.
  ans:
  - are you sure?

- que:
  - do you have the names?
  ans:
  - yes, i do.

- que:
  - you happy?
  ans:
  - they just released three more prisoners, sir.

- que:
  - would you like to talk to any of them, sir?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - when do you think he'il be released?
  ans:
  - when it's his turn, richard.

- que:
  - where?
  ans:
  - no question.

- que:
  - what's going on?
  ans:
  - moving day.

- que:
  - why are you doing this?
  ans:
  - because they can.

- que:
  - you keep the faith, all right?
  ans:
  - you, too.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - wrap your towel around your cup and talk into it.

- que:
  - who's there?
  ans:
  - bob craner, air force.

- que:
  - right?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - when were you killed?
  ans:
  - december '67.

- que:
  - i thought 100 was the limit in the air force?
  ans:
  - it is.

- que:
  - i got my wish?
  ans:
  - jesus.

- que:
  - who cares?
  ans:
  - stan musial couldn't hold william's jock strap.

- que:
  - did you ever fall in love at first sight?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - and you wound up marrying her?
  ans:
  - no, that was it right there.

- que:
  - back when you were a seagull, did you ever pull duty at pensacola?
  ans:
  - sure did.

- que:
  - you remember this one?
  ans:
  - after the engine quit, the only place i could dump it was in the bay.

- que:
  - so, how deep was it?
  ans:
  - it was a couple 100 feet.

- que:
  - so how long did it take you to get to the surface?
  ans:
  - three to four minutes.

- que:
  - you forget about the time you ran out of fuel at 4, 000 feet?
  ans:
  - that doesn't count.

- que:
  - why the hell not?
  ans:
  - the gauge malfunctioned.

- que:
  - and the power lines in spain?
  ans:
  - faulty intelligence.

- que:
  - i thought you were gonna be going home with your girlfriend?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - don't i, dear?
  ans:
  - yes, you do.

- que:
  - what the hell are you guys doing here?
  ans:
  - american gls, don't fight in this illegal and immoral war.

- que:
  - why the hell don't they just go?
  ans:
  - right.

- que:
  - that's what they're for.
  ans:
  - go where?

- que:
  - tea?
  ans:
  - no, thanks.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - amnesty has been granted by our government.

- que:
  - well?
  ans:
  - i have to think about it.

- que:
  - macaroons?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - what did they want in return?
  ans:
  - they didn't say.

- que:
  - what is your decision?
  ans:
  - i will remain here and wait for my proper turn.

- que:
  - do you realize that?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - does your family realize that?
  ans:
  - this is yours.

- que:
  - what candies, mccain?
  ans:
  - they came with the letter.

- que:
  - i am required to give name, rank, service number, and date of birth.
  ans:
  - you talk now, mccain?

- que:
  - did you make any propaganda statement?
  ans:
  - i will evade answering any further questions.

- que:
  - did you say anything that you would regret later?
  ans:
  - your grandfather was a man of principles.

- que:
  - what do you say?
  ans:
  - your grandfather was a man of principles.

- que:
  - did you make any propaganda statement?
  ans:
  - he always told me.

- que:
  - or say anything that you would regret later?
  ans:
  - a man without honor is nothing.

- que:
  - how was his health?
  ans:
  - he was pretty banged up in the beginning.

- que:
  - how long have you been in solitary?
  ans:
  - i went down in the sewer about a year and a half ago.

- que:
  - bob?
  ans:
  - mccain.

- que:
  - you think we're out of here?
  ans:
  - i'm not packing my bags.

- que:
  - you mean the pows?
  ans:
  - they're dead square in the middle of the city.

- que:
  - may i have this dance?
  ans:
  - yes, you may.

- que:
  - or is that a military thing, too?
  ans:
  - willing to make the adjustment, miss.

- que:
  - what was his opinion of your actions?
  ans:
  - just every day.

- que:
  - hey, could somebody dig me up?
  ans:
  - there you go.

- que:
  - what's with all the webs?
  ans:
  - not exactly encouraging my toa hero spirit.

- que:
  - what was that?
  ans:
  - well, there goes the old neighbourhood.

- que:
  - what did you have in there?
  ans:
  - everything...

- que:
  - rahi?
  ans:
  - visorak.

- que:
  - but what does it change?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - agreed?
  ans:
  - if you think we should.

- que:
  - this is gonna hurt.
  ans:
  - what the...?

- que:
  - is everyone ok?
  ans:
  - we'il soon find out.

- que:
  - visorak?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - do they even have tongues?
  ans:
  - all i see are teeth.

- que:
  - vakama, what do we do?
  ans:
  - kollorak, it's nothing important, i hope, seeing as you're late.

- que:
  - drop them.
  ans:
  - toa?

- que:
  - is it to be so simple, sidorak?
  ans:
  - roodaka, my queen.

- que:
  - you have something to say?
  ans:
  - only that leaders are judged in time by the quality of their enemies.

- que:
  - the toa?
  ans:
  - a fantastic adversary, my king, worthy of your rule, and therefore a demise that will be remembered and spoken about for all time.

- que:
  - proof?
  ans:
  - bring me their bodies.

- que:
  - hello?
  ans:
  - darn vakama.

- que:
  - why'd we ever listen to him?
  ans:
  - i'm dangerous, i'm ugly, and i'il hurt you.

- que:
  - nokama?
  ans:
  - matau, it's all right.

- que:
  - you call this \"all right\"?
  ans:
  - we're all here.

- que:
  - too busy cooking up another master plan?
  ans:
  - i'm through making plans.

- que:
  - and how are we gonna do that when we're the ones who need saving?
  ans:
  - if you are wise, if you wish to be your old selves again, you will listen.

- que:
  - rahaga?
  ans:
  - we can't rescue the matoran.

- que:
  - why are we here?
  ans:
  - brothers, we must be patient.

- que:
  - the key to nongu?
  ans:
  - keetongu is a most honourable creature, and skilled in the ways of venoms, not to mention our only hope to stand against the visorak horde.

- que:
  - but what are we now?
  ans:
  - hordika venom courses within you.

- que:
  - like you?
  ans:
  - i am a rahaga.

- que:
  - there are those that, well, doubt his existence entirely.
  ans:
  - rahaga, can you take us to this keetongu?

- que:
  - and you?
  ans:
  - i believe.

- que:
  - what do you say, mask melter?
  ans:
  - i say we returned to metru nui to rescue the matoran, not go on safari.

- que:
  - and you have a way to do this?
  ans:
  - perhaps using your new hordika powers... powers you have not yet learned to use.

- que:
  - what was that?
  ans:
  - it meant you no harm.

- que:
  - and what about your friends?
  ans:
  - former friends.

- que:
  - and how do you know that?
  ans:
  - i don't.

- que:
  - vakama?
  ans:
  - oh, norik.

- que:
  - what if he finds a really bad one?
  ans:
  - uh, now then, we should begin our search for keetongu at once.

- que:
  - but where to start?
  ans:
  - somewhere you know well.

- que:
  - what's happening to me?
  ans:
  - you are becoming...

- que:
  - yeah, but what?
  ans:
  - adriend.

- que:
  - and ifl don'twantto hearit?
  ans:
  - be reasonable, vakama.

- que:
  - how do you know my name?
  ans:
  - i know a great deal about you.

- que:
  - i'm sure it could've helped our old toa selves, but now?
  ans:
  - we'il never find a way to change back if you keep talking like that.

- que:
  - sidorak?
  ans:
  - ruler of the visorak.

- que:
  - and he doesn't know you captured me?
  ans:
  - not yet.

- que:
  - you're not worried they're going to tell him you said that?
  ans:
  - they are loyal to me.

- que:
  - like you are to sidorak?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - hold you back?
  ans:
  - they're not worthy of a leader like you.

- que:
  - is something wrong?
  ans:
  - it might be best if we wait here.

- que:
  - and this is something your king would allow?
  ans:
  - norik.

- que:
  - visorak?
  ans:
  - i'm...

- que:
  - gaaki's not going to find her brothers upstairs.
  ans:
  - who's there?

- que:
  - what have you done with them?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - who's put these thoughts in your head?
  ans:
  - you'il find out soon enough.

- que:
  - this message, what is it?
  ans:
  - norik said they'd be done by daybreak.

- que:
  - did anyone see anything last night?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - hard.
  ans:
  - i mean, how hard is it to get directions?

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - oh, have patience, matau.

- que:
  - what do you see?
  ans:
  - i can't see anything.

- que:
  - what should we do?
  ans:
  - i wish vakama was here.

- que:
  - why have you come here?
  ans:
  - to join you.

- que:
  - right?
  ans:
  - you are correct, nokama.

- que:
  - and if you can't help him?
  ans:
  - leave that to me.

- que:
  - tears that reach the sky\"?
  ans:
  - it's not much of a plan, but it is one.

- que:
  - is that so?
  ans:
  - it is, my king.

- que:
  - will all six be enough to please you?
  ans:
  - afineoffer, roodaka.

- que:
  - whoa.
  ans:
  - perhaps you'd like to say a fewwords?

- que:
  - is everyone seeing this?
  ans:
  - toa.

- que:
  - is it everything i promised you?
  ans:
  - we'il soon find out.

- que:
  - how is the horde, vakama?
  ans:
  - obedient.

- que:
  - will you help us get vakama back?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - so he'il change us back into our good looking, toa hero selves?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - and...?
  ans:
  - and he would like to offer us his help.

- que:
  - andwhenwedon't?
  ans:
  - i will make you.

- que:
  - do you think this is gonna work?
  ans:
  - aim.

- que:
  - where's matau going?
  ans:
  - there's too many of them.

- que:
  - what is that?
  ans:
  - you got it.

- que:
  - no...
  ans:
  - the matoran?

- que:
  - i mean, shouldn't we be certain?
  ans:
  - if doing so would make you feel better.

- que:
  - the final blow is yours, roodaka.
  ans:
  - what has happened to you?

- que:
  - where are you going?
  ans:
  - finish him.

- que:
  - without vakama, we are destined to fail.
  ans:
  - roodaka?

- que:
  - there's too many of them.
  ans:
  - mind if we lend a hand?

- que:
  - what do we do now?
  ans:
  - oh, i don't like this.

- que:
  - you want them so bad?
  ans:
  - take them.

- que:
  - help him up.
  ans:
  - all right, whofiredtheticklespinner?

- que:
  - in light of all you've given, you owe us nothing, but my duty requires i ask, will you change us back?
  ans:
  - he wants to know why you would want that, being as you've made peace with the beast within, that you might even be the better for it.

- que:
  - and when we do?
  ans:
  - we'il find a way to defeat him, because that's what toa do.

- que:
  - where'il we put these, lady?
  ans:
  - put that there.

- que:
  - is the baby all right?
  ans:
  - yes, ma'am, he's asleep.

- que:
  - would you wait until the new nurse comes?
  ans:
  - yes, ma'am.

- que:
  - don't you think you ought to call?
  ans:
  - certainly not.

- que:
  - why do i always take it for granted that you're kidding?
  ans:
  - hello, darling.

- que:
  - will you bring up a passkey for that connecting door?
  ans:
  - yes, ma'am.

- que:
  - tonight?
  ans:
  - we'd love to.

- que:
  - hello?
  ans:
  - i'm sorry, it's long island again and they insist on cutting in.

- que:
  - hello, nora?
  ans:
  - this is col. macfay.

- que:
  - quit, has he?
  ans:
  - i should have thought... with all the publicity he got over the last two cases.

- que:
  - the weekend?
  ans:
  - i don't think...

- que:
  - it isn't about business, is it, col. macfay?
  ans:
  - i told you.

- que:
  - can't it wait till you come to town?
  ans:
  - no, i'm not coming to town.

- que:
  - you see?
  ans:
  - seems like man's work is never done.

- que:
  - miss sherwood spoke to you about salary?
  ans:
  - yes, mrs. charles.

- que:
  - it does?
  ans:
  - it's getting rather late.

- que:
  - party?
  ans:
  - i'm more like a riot.

- que:
  - or shall i?
  ans:
  - boy, this is going to be a cinch.

- que:
  - yeah?
  ans:
  - even if it did cost me one of the prettiest jobs i ever lined up for myself.

- que:
  - how've you been?
  ans:
  - nickie, we must hurry.

- que:
  - how are you, mrs. charles?
  ans:
  - i didn't recognize you.

- que:
  - how are you?
  ans:
  - i'm fine.

- que:
  - creeps?
  ans:
  - creeps.

- que:
  - why should i?
  ans:
  - it took a genius to outsmart me.

- que:
  - you wanna touch me?
  ans:
  - you shouldn't run him down like that.

- que:
  - do you mind?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what have you got?
  ans:
  - asta's bone.

- que:
  - is it yours?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - is it a boy?
  ans:
  - certainly.

- que:
  - what is it there?
  ans:
  - say hello to mr. binder.

- que:
  - can he talk?
  ans:
  - a few words.

- que:
  - how about it?
  ans:
  - come on, see.

- que:
  - what's the matter?
  ans:
  - i was just trying to think who he looks like.

- que:
  - anyone i know?
  ans:
  - i got it.

- que:
  - why didn't you tell me you had a kid?
  ans:
  - well, you know.

- que:
  - how old is he?
  ans:
  - he'il be a year next monday.

- que:
  - monday?
  ans:
  - we'il throw him a party.

- que:
  - what do you say?
  ans:
  - we have to go to the country.

- que:
  - how much further is it?
  ans:
  - the house is a little way up the hill.

- que:
  - what happened?
  ans:
  - you wouldn't believe me if i told you.

- que:
  - what are you hunting for?
  ans:
  - i thought i knew, but now i'il take anything i can find.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - not a thing.

- que:
  - what happened to the chauffeur?
  ans:
  - he was scared.

- que:
  - scared of what?
  ans:
  - i don't see anything.

- que:
  - what do you want?
  ans:
  - we're bringing back col. macfay's car.

- que:
  - i see that all right, but how do i know what you want?
  ans:
  - this is the charles family.

- que:
  - what's the idea of the kid?
  ans:
  - we have a dog and he was lonesome.

- que:
  - what is all this about?
  ans:
  - you'il find out.

- que:
  - is the colonel all right?
  ans:
  - bless you, yes.

- que:
  - what's the use of saying we won't, when we are?
  ans:
  - it's a lot of april foolery.

- que:
  - the other?
  ans:
  - i'm the one that doesn't want to be killed.

- que:
  - how are you, my dear?
  ans:
  - glad to see you.

- que:
  - wasn't there a body in the road?
  ans:
  - he don't believe me.

- que:
  - a body?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - father, why don't you have dinner first?
  ans:
  - then you can tell them all about it afterwards.

- que:
  - yes, doesn't it?
  ans:
  - and i'd like you to meet my...

- que:
  - how do you do?
  ans:
  - this is mr. coleman, father's secretary.

- que:
  - take this dog out where it belongs.
  ans:
  - how do you do?

- que:
  - where are your manners?
  ans:
  - come on.

- que:
  - now, are you ready for dinner?
  ans:
  - yes, i would like a...

- que:
  - where are the others?
  ans:
  - i never knew such a lot.

- que:
  - what'il happen to the estate if something happened to me?
  ans:
  - nothing's going to happen to you.

- que:
  - getting me on another case?
  ans:
  - that penny pincher can afford the best detective there is.

- que:
  - then what was all that business at the door?
  ans:
  - i was just picking his pocket.

- que:
  - suppose you had someone working for you... and he did something they put him in jail for?
  ans:
  - he did it.

- que:
  - your fault?
  ans:
  - he wants a lot of money.

- que:
  - what do you think?
  ans:
  - i wouldn't hurry up my dying on his account.

- que:
  - was this the man playing dead beside the road?
  ans:
  - no, it's his servant.

- que:
  - have you reported them to the police?
  ans:
  - i'm not altogether a fool.

- que:
  - church?
  ans:
  - phil church, an engineer.

- que:
  - and he's been in jail ever since?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - you think he really means to kill you?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - that's simple enough, isn't it?
  ans:
  - even for mr. charles.

- que:
  - col. macfay?
  ans:
  - the swimming pool's on fire.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - nickie.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - it's the dog.

- que:
  - jesse?
  ans:
  - yep.

- que:
  - dead?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - find anything?
  ans:
  - only them.

- que:
  - you know a lot about them things, mister?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - what is it?
  ans:
  - it's jesse.

- que:
  - why did they do an awful thing like that?
  ans:
  - freddie, take her back.

- que:
  - is this the kind of thing that's been going on?
  ans:
  - more or less.

- que:
  - what's he up to?
  ans:
  - trying to scare the colonel into coming across with some money.

- que:
  - could any of the people on the inside be working with him?
  ans:
  - i don't think so.

- que:
  - does macfay really owe him anything?
  ans:
  - not the way we look at it.

- que:
  - and that's your job with the colonel now?
  ans:
  - something like that.

- que:
  - how could they do a horrible thing like that?
  ans:
  - i've had him ever since he was puppy.

- que:
  - how do they get in here?
  ans:
  - that's what i want to know.

- que:
  - well?
  ans:
  - i'm afraid the bathhouse is badly damaged.

- que:
  - what are you going to do to protect me?
  ans:
  - if they can get in here to do this, they can do anything.

- que:
  - have you tried talking to church?
  ans:
  - yes, didn't do any good.

- que:
  - how about making a bargain with him?
  ans:
  - after all, he did do 10 years in jail.

- que:
  - what if i am in love with her?
  ans:
  - that's nobody's business but my own.

- que:
  - has that whippersnapper been making up to you?
  ans:
  - no, of course not.

- que:
  - why don't you go?
  ans:
  - col. macfay, it's just the baby...

- que:
  - how do you like your quiet weekend?
  ans:
  - production of lumbers, seasonally adjusted.

- que:
  - good heavens, do you understand that?
  ans:
  - sure.

- que:
  - understand?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - do you?
  ans:
  - of course, \"you have to have a fair degree of accuracy...

- que:
  - don't you think you'd better go and see church?
  ans:
  - mommy, i'm going.

- que:
  - what are you sticking your pretty nose in here for, chum?
  ans:
  - sorry, the door was open.

- que:
  - how do?
  ans:
  - mr. church expecting you.

- que:
  - how do you do?
  ans:
  - sit down.

- que:
  - have a drink?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - going away?
  ans:
  - yeah, back to cuba.

- que:
  - gory details?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - you mean, the dead dog, and the burning bathhouse?
  ans:
  - no, afterwards.

- que:
  - look, you're not tricking me, are you?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - how does he usually die in these dreams?
  ans:
  - he's all battered up.

- que:
  - it'd be funny if it happened that way, wouldn't it?
  ans:
  - no, it's funnier that it didn't.

- que:
  - how long ago did you leave him?
  ans:
  - half an hour.

- que:
  - me?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - why pick on me?
  ans:
  - i can introduce you to a lot of rich people.

- que:
  - still headed for cuba?
  ans:
  - still cuba.

- que:
  - now, what'il you have?
  ans:
  - yes, just this minute.

- que:
  - want me to stop them?
  ans:
  - no, that's fine, thanks.

- que:
  - what do you mean?
  ans:
  - my guess is whatever he meant to do in the first place, he still means to do.

- que:
  - was he in on this mess?
  ans:
  - because if he was, i want to settle with church.

- que:
  - what does it matter?
  ans:
  - it all grows on trees.

- que:
  - do you think he was a crook?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - do you think i'm a crook?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - for the sake of argument, can you pretend you think i am?
  ans:
  - i can do that all right.

- que:
  - so, if i'm a crook and nora's father's an honest man... why should i give him a share of any crooked deal i put over?
  ans:
  - i don't get it, but i know you've said something nice.

- que:
  - his own?
  ans:
  - you're suspicious of everything.

- que:
  - but what worries me is what are you and nickie going to live on?
  ans:
  - you needn't wait up any longer, dorothy.

- que:
  - nickie in there?
  ans:
  - no, i'm keeping him in here tonight.

- que:
  - in here?
  ans:
  - yes, i wanted to be sure he was safe.

- que:
  - where is he?
  ans:
  - in the bureau drawer.

- que:
  - in the bureau?
  ans:
  - well, that's fair enough.

- que:
  - hey, you didn't put my things underneath there?
  ans:
  - no, they're in that chest.

- que:
  - what time is it?
  ans:
  - five minutes to 11:00.

- que:
  - you've got to go right away, don't you?
  ans:
  - i've got a few minutes.

- que:
  - busy?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what do you know?
  ans:
  - nothing much.

- que:
  - do you mind?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - still kicking about wanting a larger cell?
  ans:
  - he's been thinking again.

- que:
  - you spend a lot of time with this guy, church, don't you?
  ans:
  - now don't start that again.

- que:
  - how did you know he was going?
  ans:
  - i get around.

- que:
  - yeah?
  ans:
  - 11:00, time to go.

- que:
  - what if i do?
  ans:
  - i'm only in this for the coin.

- que:
  - we?
  ans:
  - you and me.

- que:
  - want to play for keeps?
  ans:
  - okay.

- que:
  - losing confidence in me since i stopped that punch?
  ans:
  - i haven't got that much sense.

- que:
  - you wanna play with him?
  ans:
  - no, he's asleep.

- que:
  - tell him what?
  ans:
  - about life.

- que:
  - who's life?
  ans:
  - now, nickie, this is important.

- que:
  - where is he?
  ans:
  - not now.

- que:
  - isn't he lovely?
  ans:
  - in all the excitement, i hadn't even seen him.

- que:
  - isn't it kind of late for you to be up?
  ans:
  - he's still running on california time.

- que:
  - know any good ways?
  ans:
  - i'd better tell lois.

- que:
  - shall i call the sheriff?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - what have we got, doc?
  ans:
  - bruise on left temple, blunt instrument.

- que:
  - that check with the time they found him?
  ans:
  - check.

- que:
  - who?
  ans:
  - church, or the cuban.

- que:
  - how do you know?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - what was you doing in the cellar?
  ans:
  - i went down to fix the fuse.

- que:
  - what fuse?
  ans:
  - the fuse that was blowed out.

- que:
  - how did you know it was blowed out?
  ans:
  - i don't know nothing.

- que:
  - and you were here reading?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - ain't that late for a lady your age to be up?
  ans:
  - i don't think so.

- que:
  - keep you awake?
  ans:
  - no, i just don't sleep much.

- que:
  - you've been working for him a long time?
  ans:
  - sixteen years.

- que:
  - and you knew this phil church when he worked for the old man?
  ans:
  - yes, indeed, i knew him.

- que:
  - where were you?
  ans:
  - i was sitting here, writing.

- que:
  - writing what?
  ans:
  - a play.

- que:
  - go on, what kind of a play?
  ans:
  - a mystery play.

- que:
  - do you ever think much about murders?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - and you say miss macfay and mrs. charles... were the only ones in your room when it happened, right?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - then there was someone else?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - who?
  ans:
  - the baby.

- que:
  - but not the nurse?
  ans:
  - no, the nurse was in her own room, asleep, i guess.

- que:
  - is that so?
  ans:
  - this is a murder we're trying to clear up, lad.

- que:
  - now, who gets the money?
  ans:
  - according to his last will...

- que:
  - well, now, what do you figure all but $100, 000 would amount to?
  ans:
  - certainly several millions.

- que:
  - are you and he still pretty close?
  ans:
  - we were never close.

- que:
  - are you suggesting that i'd frame him?
  ans:
  - now, don't get sore over a little thing like that.

- que:
  - was he?
  ans:
  - baby.

- que:
  - was that jeanette?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - bella spruce?
  ans:
  - and the lighthouse keeper's daughter in...

- que:
  - the what?
  ans:
  - the lighthouse keeper's daughter.

- que:
  - what was her name?
  ans:
  - what it all comes down to is this lois.

- que:
  - but what was the lighthouse keeper's daughter's name?
  ans:
  - letty finhaden.

- que:
  - i say, he made you give him that alibi, didn't he?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - it was his gun, wasn't it?
  ans:
  - yes, he kept it on the table.

- que:
  - from the look of this hole... where would you say the bullet was fired from?
  ans:
  - i'd figure it come from about here.

- que:
  - anything to show that he came through the window?
  ans:
  - no, not yet.

- que:
  - did you people have a man watching church?
  ans:
  - well, not exactly.

- que:
  - could've been turned into a practical joke, couldn't it?
  ans:
  - then you didn't have...

- que:
  - you didn't have a heavy set man with thick glasses watching church?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - did you get anything out of mrs. charles?
  ans:
  - no, she's bats.

- que:
  - where was he shot?
  ans:
  - he wasn't shot.

- que:
  - a knife?
  ans:
  - don't talk about it now, dear.

- que:
  - did you have your session with them?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - yes, what is it, horn?
  ans:
  - it's no wonder i'm jittery.

- que:
  - how do you know?
  ans:
  - i was warned over the phone... just a little while ago, a man's voice.

- que:
  - don't you?
  ans:
  - of course.

- que:
  - what do you think he is, a moth?
  ans:
  - call your men off, give me a flashlight.

- que:
  - where did the dog find that knife?
  ans:
  - we don't know.

- que:
  - where is he now?
  ans:
  - he went thataway.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - mr. charles.

- que:
  - what's the matter?
  ans:
  - it's...

- que:
  - why, it's horn.
  ans:
  - he has a what?

- que:
  - what were you shooting at him for?
  ans:
  - i wasn't shooting at him, he was shooting at me.

- que:
  - why were you shooting at him?
  ans:
  - well, everybody else was.

- que:
  - what was she doing here?
  ans:
  - she came to tell me that someone was after me.

- que:
  - put me on the spot?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - miss macfay, when did you first suspect horn of killing your father?
  ans:
  - i didn't say that.

- que:
  - your father objected to horn as your suitor, didn't he?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - and if you'd married horn, he'd have cut you off without a dime?
  ans:
  - i suppose he would have.

- que:
  - what was the first reaction you saw on horn after the discovery of the murder?
  ans:
  - why, nothing.

- que:
  - yes, then what?
  ans:
  - then he said to say that we were together when it happened...

- que:
  - he said that?
  ans:
  - yes, he was only trying to protect me, and...

- que:
  - well, don't you get it?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - if he wanted to frame church with the knife... why should he try to kill me when i find it?
  ans:
  - looks to me as if you've got two mysteries on your hands instead of one.

- que:
  - you're not walking out on me, are you?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - have they found him?
  ans:
  - not yet.

- que:
  - how do you feel?
  ans:
  - sort of funny.

- que:
  - have you been here all that time?
  ans:
  - i didn't want you to be alone when you woke up.

- que:
  - why shouldn't i be good to my own flesh and blood?
  ans:
  - forgive me.

- que:
  - are you all right, lois?
  ans:
  - why, yes.

- que:
  - what's the matter, lois?
  ans:
  - you look upset.

- que:
  - what do you mean, later?
  ans:
  - i got rid of all those reporters.

- que:
  - what did you tell them?
  ans:
  - i told them we were out of scotch.

- que:
  - come back on the case?
  ans:
  - i've never been out of it.

- que:
  - what's up?
  ans:
  - the new york police found the woman who was with church.

- que:
  - would you care to come along?
  ans:
  - sure.

- que:
  - how about that license number?
  ans:
  - that car belongs to a man by the name of vogel.

- que:
  - who is it?
  ans:
  - never mind names.

- que:
  - you understand?
  ans:
  - let it alone.

- que:
  - isn't that nickie crying?
  ans:
  - that wasn't the baby.

- que:
  - hello?
  ans:
  - i've got to rush.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - mr. charles is not here.

- que:
  - what's the address?
  ans:
  - i'il be there.

- que:
  - well, how are you, mr. charles?
  ans:
  - things sure pop when you're in town.

- que:
  - is this the smith woman's apartment?
  ans:
  - but if your killing was at 1:00 last night then she's in the clear.

- que:
  - you sure?
  ans:
  - positive.

- que:
  - say, could she have been using me as an alibi?
  ans:
  - why, she can't do that to me.

- que:
  - i got to lose a night's sleep so you can duck a murder rap?
  ans:
  - so help me.

- que:
  - what did you think?
  ans:
  - i knew phil was trying to get dough... out of macfay, but i never knew he meant to murder him.

- que:
  - you know it now, don't you?
  ans:
  - i don't know anything that's got anything to do with murders.

- que:
  - how many other murders were planned besides macfay's?
  ans:
  - i don't know anything about anybody's murders being planned.

- que:
  - you're psychic?
  ans:
  - you get alibis for murders you don't even know are going to happen.

- que:
  - where's church?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - where were they going?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - when are they coming back?
  ans:
  - they're not coming back.

- que:
  - whose coat is this?
  ans:
  - phil's.

- que:
  - what's it doing here if he's not coming back?
  ans:
  - it's been here two or three weeks.

- que:
  - how long have you known church?
  ans:
  - since they sprung him.

- que:
  - blackmail rackets?
  ans:
  - i mean, a lot of rackets except murder.

- que:
  - about church?
  ans:
  - i always figured he was a wrong guy.

- que:
  - me?
  ans:
  - nothing, except that he's been spending a lot of time hanging around smitty.

- que:
  - you haven't been unloading to these people yet, have you?
  ans:
  - only from here up.

- que:
  - you ever hear about talking through a lawyer?
  ans:
  - we've got enough on her already to hold her as a material witness.

- que:
  - is this the man you saw watching church's house?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - what's the answer?
  ans:
  - her husband's a pal of mine.

- que:
  - you don't think i been hanging around because i was nuts about you, do you?
  ans:
  - i hear church is going away.

- que:
  - suppose she had gone?
  ans:
  - that's supposing too much.

- que:
  - what have you done?
  ans:
  - i don't know what you're talking about.

- que:
  - where are my glasses?
  ans:
  - i knew there was copper in you, flatfooted stool pigeon.

- que:
  - mr. nick charles, is it not?
  ans:
  - it is.

- que:
  - you are alone?
  ans:
  - the good are often alone.

- que:
  - how do you do?
  ans:
  - rosita and marcita.

- que:
  - where's the phone?
  ans:
  - over there.

- que:
  - how about a little slug of something?
  ans:
  - just a little snack is all they want.

- que:
  - who gave you this?
  ans:
  - the lady over there.

- que:
  - you'il excuse me?
  ans:
  - an old friend, a very old friend.

- que:
  - what if the health officers find out?
  ans:
  - they'il put you back in quarantine.

- que:
  - madam, how long have you been leading this double life?
  ans:
  - just since we've been married.

- que:
  - how did you know i was here?
  ans:
  - i saw a great group of men standing around a table.

- que:
  - what for?
  ans:
  - a man.

- que:
  - another one?
  ans:
  - this is the man who phoned after you left.

- que:
  - how are you going to contact this mysterious informer?
  ans:
  - i told him i'd be holding the money in a handkerchief like this.

- que:
  - shall we dance?
  ans:
  - yes, i think it would be better.

- que:
  - dum dum?
  ans:
  - yes, i think i'd like to find him as soon as possible.

- que:
  - are you in love with him?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - then why should he spoil the beauty of this moment?
  ans:
  - well, really.

- que:
  - a stupid american iceberg?
  ans:
  - well, he's traveled abroad.

- que:
  - does he ever speak to you in burning words... that make you go half mad with joy and yearning?
  ans:
  - well, he's kind of cute.

- que:
  - cute?
  ans:
  - incredible.

- que:
  - who's that?
  ans:
  - stupid american iceberg.

- que:
  - hello, dum dum, how's tricks?
  ans:
  - hiya, dum dum.

- que:
  - make out all right with the police?
  ans:
  - always i do.

- que:
  - he making out all right?
  ans:
  - that i do not know.

- que:
  - where do you think he is?
  ans:
  - i don't know where he is.

- que:
  - what's eating you?
  ans:
  - i didn't mean it.

- que:
  - does a man say he think his friend killed?
  ans:
  - say, listen, i can tell you right now... who kills most of the guys that get themselves killed in this town.

- que:
  - is that little swine dum dum?
  ans:
  - wait.

- que:
  - if you are not in love with him, why do you leave me?
  ans:
  - look, here's your money.

- que:
  - between you and me?
  ans:
  - you are driving me mad.

- que:
  - thank you very much.... have a drink?
  ans:
  - don't mind if i do.

- que:
  - say, you're working on this murder case, aren't you?
  ans:
  - yes, if you call this work.

- que:
  - know him?
  ans:
  - many's the bottle him and me split in this joint.

- que:
  - you mean smitty?
  ans:
  - no, linda mills, the one he had before smitty.

- que:
  - cuba?
  ans:
  - yes, i'm all right.

- que:
  - where are we going?
  ans:
  - well, i'm going to find a miss linda mills.

- que:
  - what'il you have?
  ans:
  - why, we would like to...

- que:
  - you ain't together?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what was it, honey?
  ans:
  - i'd like to look at a room.

- que:
  - you looking for a room, too?
  ans:
  - looking for linda mills.

- que:
  - ain't that your picture in the evening news?
  ans:
  - afraid it is.

- que:
  - is she in?
  ans:
  - you can't ever tell about her.

- que:
  - how's chances of finding out?
  ans:
  - i'il see.

- que:
  - a single or double?
  ans:
  - a single room, please.

- que:
  - what would make you think she's involved?
  ans:
  - you being here, then that friend of hers, that church.

- que:
  - you know church?
  ans:
  - i seen him going in and out.

- que:
  - when's the last time you seen him?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - are you in, dearie?
  ans:
  - i guess she ain't in, all right.

- que:
  - do you mind if i look around?
  ans:
  - help yourself.

- que:
  - what does she do for a living?
  ans:
  - don't ask me.

- que:
  - she have noisy parties?
  ans:
  - you know how girls are.

- que:
  - how are they?
  ans:
  - go on.

- que:
  - yes?
  ans:
  - this is a nice room.

- que:
  - got any famous last words?
  ans:
  - you've got until that radio warms up.

- que:
  - what's your favorite program?
  ans:
  - you know, this is your party.

- que:
  - yes, ain't it?
  ans:
  - you boys should stay off fire escapes when there isn't any fire.

- que:
  - you're coming to the station with us, ain't you, mr. charles?
  ans:
  - no, i can't.

- que:
  - surprised?
  ans:
  - well, i always thought that you and the missus was the ideal couple.

- que:
  - any idea who these mugs are?
  ans:
  - no, i wouldn't know.

- que:
  - would you mind taking the boys down... the way they came up?
  ans:
  - i don't want to alarm the lady.

- que:
  - would you do that?
  ans:
  - sure.

- que:
  - yeah?
  ans:
  - just kidding.

- que:
  - finished?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - tell me, how long since you've seen miss mills?
  ans:
  - a couple of weeks.

- que:
  - what does she look like?
  ans:
  - the way she wears make up, you'd think she's an old timer.

- que:
  - young?
  ans:
  - yes, but don't fear.

- que:
  - who, her?
  ans:
  - i don't think she knows what she wants.

- que:
  - yes?
  ans:
  - this gentleman here was just saying you're the prettiest girl he'd ever seen.

- que:
  - what have you got?
  ans:
  - tell us.

- que:
  - aren't you interested, mrs. bellam?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - how did you get your man?
  ans:
  - glad to see you.

- que:
  - you, too, larry?
  ans:
  - you know me, nick.

- que:
  - well, how are you?
  ans:
  - she's okay for my money.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - you heard what he said.

- que:
  - married?
  ans:
  - no one said you had to be married.

- que:
  - you didn't snatch that, did you?
  ans:
  - we don't wanna put the heat on this party.

- que:
  - he's a pip, ain't he?
  ans:
  - look at that sucker.

- que:
  - the pen?
  ans:
  - she means the kiddie pen.

- que:
  - you wanna make the kids sick?
  ans:
  - i didn't know.

- que:
  - will you order some ice cream?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - can i do something?
  ans:
  - i just wanted someone to keep an eye on nickie.

- que:
  - who is this man?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - who's vogel?
  ans:
  - he's one of the missing pieces.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - don't mind me.

- que:
  - well, why?
  ans:
  - i never saw a man try so hard to get caught.

- que:
  - why does he want to get caught?
  ans:
  - just part of his plan.

- que:
  - who do you want blasted?
  ans:
  - a man's been killed.

- que:
  - freddie, will you get nickie?
  ans:
  - of course i will.

- que:
  - shouldn't we notify the police?
  ans:
  - they'il be here any minute.

- que:
  - where's nickie?
  ans:
  - must be in the pen.

- que:
  - you want to see me?
  ans:
  - it wasn't important.

- que:
  - what's going on here, casey?
  ans:
  - phil church was shot, he fell in the alley.

- que:
  - hear from the doctor?
  ans:
  - doctor says he was shot with a. 38.

- que:
  - what were you doing in the street down below?
  ans:
  - mr. church told me he was coming here.

- que:
  - from what?
  ans:
  - i don't know what she might do.

- que:
  - what are you trying to do, frame me?
  ans:
  - phil was trying to pull a trick that's too slick for his own good... so i come over here to head him off.

- que:
  - did you see her do it?
  ans:
  - i just seen her and was crossing street to her.

- que:
  - you kill my mr. church?
  ans:
  - ask him where's his gun.

- que:
  - you kill my mr. church?
  ans:
  - sure he did.

- que:
  - did somebody drop this chip?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - may i say something?
  ans:
  - go ahead.

- que:
  - if you were trying a man for murder... and he suddenly produced an airtight alibi, what would happen?
  ans:
  - he'd go free.

- que:
  - what would you do?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - you mean you'd let him get away with it?
  ans:
  - well, we'd have to.

- que:
  - what was?
  ans:
  - he advertised himself as the murderer, while his accomplice did the dirty work.

- que:
  - you mean that he had this alibi all the time?
  ans:
  - yes, but he didn't want us to know it.

- que:
  - was that why you hit him?
  ans:
  - i hit him because he start a fight.

- que:
  - what are you trying to pull?
  ans:
  - your men jumped him, too.

- que:
  - you think i'd be in on a thing with that rat?
  ans:
  - looks bad for you, vogel.

- que:
  - what men?
  ans:
  - the ones who dropped that chip at the west indies club last night.

- que:
  - get what i mean, or should i wait for my lawyer?
  ans:
  - we get it.

- que:
  - then why did you keep it quiet?
  ans:
  - that night a bunch of my best customers were there.

- que:
  - you mean you know who he is?
  ans:
  - i have a pretty fair idea... and if this trick turns out right, i'il be sure.

- que:
  - freddie, would you mind standing there?
  ans:
  - surely.

- que:
  - a lamp?
  ans:
  - i'il get that.

- que:
  - now, may i have the books, mommy?
  ans:
  - you know, this trick should work, church planned it.

- que:
  - it was just one sheet that was wet, wasn't it?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - you watching this carefully, freddie?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - do you mind plugging that in?
  ans:
  - thank you.

- que:
  - please step to the other end of the room?
  ans:
  - but nothing happens.

- que:
  - remember, you said it was funny that i didn't hear any sounds of a struggle?
  ans:
  - well, i did think that...

- que:
  - well, that broken wrist sort of eliminates a woman, doesn't it?
  ans:
  - it's easy to break a dead man's wrist.

- que:
  - you were the last one to see col. macfay, weren't you?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - what time was that?
  ans:
  - about midnight.

- que:
  - what's that got to do with it?
  ans:
  - maybe we'd better have everybody in on this.

- que:
  - who is it?
  ans:
  - lf i know my perfumes... it's dorothy or agnes or whatever her name is.

- que:
  - then what are you doing here?
  ans:
  - i came to see mr. charles.

- que:
  - why should an ex convict, seek employment... in the home of a man known to the world as a great detective?
  ans:
  - because he never refused a break to anybody in his life.

- que:
  - was it him?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what are you saying?
  ans:
  - you're friends with church and dum dum.

- que:
  - if they were friends, why did they kill him?
  ans:
  - to avoid suspicion that you and church were working together.

- que:
  - what do you mean?
  ans:
  - i mean that horn must have known that she committed the murder.

- que:
  - what sense could there possibly be in my killing father?
  ans:
  - because you wanted his money and you wanted it now.

- que:
  - linda mills?
  ans:
  - yes, my sweet.

- que:
  - my killing church?
  ans:
  - now, really...

- que:
  - you like that brat of yours, don't you?
  ans:
  - all right.

- que:
  - what did you do with him?
  ans:
  - i put him in lois 'room.

- que:
  - is he there?
  ans:
  - it isn't him, nickie's gone.

- que:
  - where's my raphael?
  ans:
  - he's in here.

- que:
  - trying to pull a fast one?
  ans:
  - i saw it wasn't their kid and i took a chance.

- que:
  - what's the matter, ma?
  ans:
  - don't you call me ma.

- que:
  - so you admit it's a gag?
  ans:
  - well, better luck on your next racket.

- que:
  - another murder?
  ans:
  - that dog.

- que:
  - where's my baby?
  ans:
  - my raphael, my beautiful baby.

- que:
  - you don't tell me...
  ans:
  - they both look alike, don't they?

- que:
  - mommy?
  ans:
  - let's sit down.

- que:
  - what for?
  ans:
  - just to get a little rest, after our quiet weekend in the country.

- que:
  - does lavagirl have special powers?
  ans:
  - there's no such thing as lavagirl.

- que:
  - how many people think max's story is true?
  ans:
  - not true.

- que:
  - if it's true, why don't you bring sharkboy and lavagirl to class tomorrow?
  ans:
  - mr. electricidad.

- que:
  - do you think you can be friends?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what do you have there?
  ans:
  - you know what happens when he eats sugar.

- que:
  - now?
  ans:
  - yes, now.

- que:
  - why were you cleaning out your closet?
  ans:
  - i had to find one of these.

- que:
  - is mom making you get a real job again?
  ans:
  - writing is a real job.

- que:
  - wanna finish making tobor?
  ans:
  - it won't work.

- que:
  - well, how do you know?
  ans:
  - cause you told me it wouldn't.

- que:
  - i did?
  ans:
  - i'm sorry.

- que:
  - how did these happen?
  ans:
  - the grass was dead anyway.

- que:
  - why are you so morbid?
  ans:
  - i just wish anything could happen so i wouldn't have to go to school today.

- que:
  - it's bad enough your father's head is in the clouds, but not you too, ok?
  ans:
  - just push that dream aside and move on.

- que:
  - the one about you and dad and me?
  ans:
  - well, i do have a dream about us, but, as i'm sure you've been noticing lately, your father and i are just...

- que:
  - did we have to move so close to school?
  ans:
  - well, when cold air mixes with hot air, it can form a tornado, as the hot and cold chase each other around and around and around.

- que:
  - i'm a teacher, right?
  ans:
  - wrong.

- que:
  - are you... trying to make real friends?
  ans:
  - trying, like you told me to.

- que:
  - come with us.
  ans:
  - just not with my daughter, ok?

- que:
  - what do i have to do?
  ans:
  - go with us to planet drool.

- que:
  - we're going to planet drool?
  ans:
  - it's my home planet.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - put these on, everybody.

- que:
  - do you have another pair of boy goggles?
  ans:
  - uh uh.

- que:
  - you press go.
  ans:
  - so, how do you fly it?

- que:
  - now, how do you fly it?
  ans:
  - it's got an autopilot.

- que:
  - you just thought of everything, didn't you, max?
  ans:
  - not exactly.

- que:
  - you might wanna hold on to something.
  ans:
  - how do we land it?

- que:
  - recognize your dream world, max?
  ans:
  - not really.

- que:
  - remember what?
  ans:
  - your dreams.

- que:
  - this planet?
  ans:
  - us.

- que:
  - i have powers?
  ans:
  - more than any of us.

- que:
  - don't you know that?
  ans:
  - everything that is or was, began with a dream.

- que:
  - i did?
  ans:
  - every dream you ever had landed right here on planet drool.

- que:
  - why is it so dark?
  ans:
  - the planet is dying.

- que:
  - what's the calculation, sharkboy?
  ans:
  - 45 minutes till the darkness destroys planet drool.

- que:
  - why'd you freeze the ocean?
  ans:
  - i...

- que:
  - did you, max?
  ans:
  - max is a good boy, otherwise you and i would be evil, and we're not evil.

- que:
  - i'm not evil, am i, max?
  ans:
  - mostly trapped on mount neverrest.

- que:
  - everyone?
  ans:
  - they're not raising their hands.

- que:
  - who's mr. electric?
  ans:
  - he's supposed to provide light to the planet. but all he brings now is darkness.

- que:
  - what are you doing halting my endless fun coaster and infiltrating my lair?
  ans:
  - you're supposed to be running it.

- que:
  - who ordered that?
  ans:
  - no school, no discipline, no rules.

- que:
  - dreams can destroy you, can't they?
  ans:
  - my instincts tell me that is so.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - that's why we have to stop you.

- que:
  - you and what army?
  ans:
  - oh...

- que:
  - what am i supposed to do?
  ans:
  - i told you this would happen.

- que:
  - what half of your dreams do you remember?
  ans:
  - this one i remember.

- que:
  - the dream lair's that way.
  ans:
  - where are you taking us?

- que:
  - what's in the dream lair?
  ans:
  - it's where all the dreams that fuel planet drool are stored.

- que:
  - did all the children from mount neverrest escape?
  ans:
  - it was sharkboy and lavagirl.

- que:
  - someone was with them?
  ans:
  - just another child afraid of his own shadow.

- que:
  - sit down, max.
  ans:
  - where old dreams lie?

- que:
  - what for?
  ans:
  - close your eyes and dream.

- que:
  - now, what do you see?
  ans:
  - i see a... giant... chocolate chunk marshmallow cookie... with lots of warm milk.

- que:
  - max needs to dream us out of here, so how about i put him to sleep?
  ans:
  - no, sharkboy.

- que:
  - ahand?
  ans:
  - anotherhand.

- que:
  - actually, you are extremely bright.
  ans:
  - yep?

- que:
  - am i king oftheocean, orwhat?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - how do i save planet drool?
  ans:
  - the answer is in your dreams.

- que:
  - you mean if i put him to sleep, he'il dream us out of this mess?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - can you take us?
  ans:
  - i have no body.

- que:
  - why didn't you work back on earth, tobor?
  ans:
  - some dreams are so powerful they become real like sharkboy and lavagirl.

- que:
  - what's wrong?
  ans:
  - train of thought...

- que:
  - you were taking us to the land of milk and cookies, remember?
  ans:
  - i mean i'm literally losing the train of thought.

- que:
  - how do i keep it on track?
  ans:
  - with your mind.

- que:
  - are you kidding?
  ans:
  - we can't control it.

- que:
  - scream?
  ans:
  - jump.

- que:
  - what does it mean when your train of thought... wrecks?
  ans:
  - well...

- que:
  - how much time do we have, sharkboy?
  ans:
  - 20 minutes.

- que:
  - how about dreaming us into the dream lair?
  ans:
  - the ground is thumping too much.

- que:
  - when you dreamt up these giant cookies, who did you expect to be able to eat them?
  ans:
  - i really didn't think about it.

- que:
  - is that your dream?
  ans:
  - we had a dream we're family.

- que:
  - ohh...
  ans:
  - don't despair, step right up glass of water?

- que:
  - your nightmare was about me, wasn't it?
  ans:
  - hot lava...

- que:
  - where's lavagirl?
  ans:
  - catch you later.

- que:
  - why not?
  ans:
  - learn to dream with your eyes open, and you won't have to be asleep to dream.

- que:
  - how much time do we have?
  ans:
  - don't ask.

- que:
  - what was it you saw in your dream, max?
  ans:
  - i saw an object shaped like...

- que:
  - have you met her?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - how do you know that?
  ans:
  - i'm fire.

- que:
  - the crystal heart's inside the castle?
  ans:
  - so they say.

- que:
  - can you cool down enough to get across?
  ans:
  - i'd have to be asleep to do that.

- que:
  - you can almost feel the electricity in the air, can't you?
  ans:
  - this is all wrong.

- que:
  - how'd you get so powerful?
  ans:
  - i do a lot of reading.

- que:
  - shocking, isn't it, sharkboy?
  ans:
  - reminds me of the time that electrical storm blew apart your father's laboratory.

- que:
  - where is my father?
  ans:
  - hm.

- que:
  - my strength is failing me as well.
  ans:
  - powers?

- que:
  - who cares?
  ans:
  - we're never getting out of here.

- que:
  - what's it say about me?
  ans:
  - i'm not sure what this is.

- que:
  - why, max?
  ans:
  - just let her cool down.

- que:
  - why did you make me like that?
  ans:
  - i have more potential.

- que:
  - and why'd you make us a team?
  ans:
  - he escaped.

- que:
  - how soon?
  ans:
  - not soon enough.

- que:
  - how?
  ans:
  - sharkboy and lavagirl.

- que:
  - is that what you saw, max?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - lava, can you...?
  ans:
  - never mind.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - we believe it can freeze time.

- que:
  - but are you worthy to wield it?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - how'd you know?
  ans:
  - i saw it in my dream.

- que:
  - do you, max, take this crystal heart to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?
  ans:
  - i do.

- que:
  - do you trust him with your heart?
  ans:
  - i do.

- que:
  - do you mean what you say?
  ans:
  - i can't hear you.

- que:
  - what happened?
  ans:
  - it didn't work.

- que:
  - watts... up?
  ans:
  - you know watts.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - he can hold his breath, but not forever.

- que:
  - what do you think you should do?
  ans:
  - dream a better dream.

- que:
  - what do you do when your dreams have been destroyed?
  ans:
  - dream a better dream.

- que:
  - sure this will save her?
  ans:
  - hold off mr. electric while i deal with minus.

- que:
  - how did you get in here?
  ans:
  - i'm the daydreamer, able to dream with my eyes open.

- que:
  - so what do you say?
  ans:
  - let's blow the roof off this place.

- que:
  - and who are you to believe that you can defeat me now?
  ans:
  - i used to be.

- que:
  - don't you see?
  ans:
  - what do you say...

- que:
  - the real news is... what i am.
  ans:
  - linus?

- que:
  - annoying?
  ans:
  - king of the ocean.

- que:
  - and what am i to do, now that you're all buddy buddy?
  ans:
  - mr. electric can go back to being the good electrician of the planet.

- que:
  - i dreamt you up, and i can undream you.
  ans:
  - oh, really?

- que:
  - you think you can just snap your eyes open and make me vanish?
  ans:
  - he's headed to earth.

- que:
  - all this time i've been asleep?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - what happens when...?
  ans:
  - two...

- que:
  - will i ever see you again?
  ans:
  - some dreams are so powerful they become real.

- que:
  - any ideas?
  ans:
  - wow, linus.

- que:
  - ok, kids, who's next?
  ans:
  - anyone but linus.

- que:
  - so you've seen this?
  ans:
  - yes, but... only in a dream.

- que:
  - what are you doing?
  ans:
  - i believe so.

- que:
  - you made me a great teacher today.
  ans:
  - oh, who do we have here?

- que:
  - how did i do that?
  ans:
  - a great teacher learns as much from his students as they do from him.

- que:
  - so dream a better dream... then work to make it real.
  ans:
  - yes?

- que:
  - i'm gonna count to three.
  ans:
  - yes?

- que:
  - or?
  ans:
  - or my wife will be mopping up your blood tomorrow morning.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - maggie.

- que:
  - can i have a pencil?
  ans:
  - having been found gullty of the crime of murder...... it is the judgment of this court that you be sentenced to die by iethal injection.

- que:
  - where am i?
  ans:
  - you're dead.

- que:
  - didn't my mother come?
  ans:
  - no, your mother, she....

- que:
  - is that about me?
  ans:
  - yes, it is.

- que:
  - what do i gotta do?
  ans:
  - learn, maggie.

- que:
  - what if i'm not interested?
  ans:
  - row 48...... plot 12.

- que:
  - yeah, why don't you think about it?
  ans:
  - this way.

- que:
  - who are these assholes?
  ans:
  - just people who work here.

- que:
  - what's it gonna be, yes or no?
  ans:
  - i'm gonna have a few things that i'il need.

- que:
  - is that it?
  ans:
  - i'il make a llst.

- que:
  - return, okay?
  ans:
  - tab wait, wait, wait.

- que:
  - see the roller?
  ans:
  - roll that around and watch the screen.

- que:
  - real easy, okay?
  ans:
  - real easy.

- que:
  - like that, okay?
  ans:
  - now move that arrow down to where it says, \"play.

- que:
  - you want to make the dinosaur eat him?
  ans:
  - very good, very good.

- que:
  - you know what \"nature's first green is gold \"means?
  ans:
  - nature's first green is gold.

- que:
  - are you an ugly duckilng...... or a swan?
  ans:
  - because the choice is yours, you know.

- que:
  - when you're angry or scared?
  ans:
  - please, turn it down.

- que:
  - why don't you use the headset i got you?
  ans:
  - cause they're crappy.

- que:
  - she wants sugar in her bowl?
  ans:
  - baby, just stick it in me twice a day, and i'il do anything for you.

- que:
  - so, how is it going?
  ans:
  - it's my birthday next week.

- que:
  - just for one night?
  ans:
  - you can have me followed.

- que:
  - okay?
  ans:
  - look, maggie...... i know how you feel.

- que:
  - door number five?
  ans:
  - take out the bad guys.

- que:
  - understand?
  ans:
  - ready, set...... and go.

- que:
  - what was that?
  ans:
  - fun.

- que:
  - what is it with you?
  ans:
  - you've done better.

- que:
  - so, you got it?
  ans:
  - six months.

- que:
  - why are you so serious?
  ans:
  - because i've got serious stuff to tell you, maggie for margaret.

- que:
  - is this going in, maggie?
  ans:
  - because i want you to know, it's now out of my hands.

- que:
  - will you help me?
  ans:
  - of course.

- que:
  - don't you want to carry your jacket?
  ans:
  - surely not just for a dinner iesson.

- que:
  - or are you afraid i'il revert and put my feet back up on the table?
  ans:
  - i think that...... tonight we should have dinner out.

- que:
  - shall we go?
  ans:
  - good evening.

- que:
  - would you like to see the wine llst?
  ans:
  - no, thanks.

- que:
  - you've got three minutes, okay?
  ans:
  - it was bricked in.

- que:
  - what ievei of operation is she ready for?
  ans:
  - s 1.

- que:
  - bartender says, \"what're you doing with that pig?
  ans:
  - she says, \"this is a duck.

- que:
  - entiende?
  ans:
  - bye.

- que:
  - as in nina simone?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - you?
  ans:
  - that'il be the day.

- que:
  - what do you mean?
  ans:
  - just nothing embarrasses me.

- que:
  - you'il have to teach me that trick.
  ans:
  - you mean, ever?

- que:
  - where're you from?
  ans:
  - it's not a trick question.

- que:
  - so how does someone get to know you better?
  ans:
  - for you, it'd be easy.

- que:
  - ravioll?
  ans:
  - it's a deal.

- que:
  - weston and levinson's, you know?
  ans:
  - all day, though, all i do is just run around...... and just take care of stuff.

- que:
  - you really like ravioll, huh?
  ans:
  - i usually make the first move.

- que:
  - you don't really like them much, do you?
  ans:
  - they're okay.

- que:
  - like who?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - so, then...... what do you want to know?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - nina?
  ans:
  - j. w. marriott in century city.

- que:
  - who's that?
  ans:
  - i'm about to iose a sale on 500 video cards.

- que:
  - what do i do?
  ans:
  - change.

- que:
  - now what?
  ans:
  - now we wait.

- que:
  - what do i do?
  ans:
  - take this tray where i tell you.

- que:
  - then?
  ans:
  - nothing.

- que:
  - that too much for you?
  ans:
  - thanks.

- que:
  - now what do i do?
  ans:
  - go home.

- que:
  - how are you?
  ans:
  - just blew up a hotel.

- que:
  - how the hell do you think i am?
  ans:
  - everybody at headquarters, especially kaufman, is very happy.

- que:
  - what's he like?
  ans:
  - he's really great.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - just invite me to dinner, okay?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - can we get you  something to drink?
  ans:
  - scotch.

- que:
  - how old are you, uncle bob?
  ans:
  - i'm...... 37.

- que:
  - what exactly is your point, p. j.?
  ans:
  - j. p.

- que:
  - what was she like as a child?
  ans:
  - i ask her all the time.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - he just wanted to know what you were like when you were a llttle girl.

- que:
  - do i ask you questions?
  ans:
  - no, i wish you would, though.

- que:
  - can't we just drop it?
  ans:
  - not this time.

- que:
  - i used to see her during the summers on my uncle's farm.
  ans:
  - don't you fucking get it?

- que:
  - you didn't know she spent summers on a farm, did you?
  ans:
  - well, she did.

- que:
  - remember?
  ans:
  - they called her beauty.

- que:
  - do you know what i mean?
  ans:
  - that's really you.

- que:
  - by the way...... did claudia tell you what i do?
  ans:
  - food's crappy.

- que:
  - what do you want?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - it's five, right?
  ans:
  - room service.

- que:
  - hello?
  ans:
  - this is room 30.

- que:
  - could i have a couple of chicken salads...... and a couple of pieces of pecan pie...... and what kind of soda do you have?
  ans:
  - all right, then.

- que:
  - can i have four cans of that, because we get thirsty after sex?
  ans:
  - kiss my neck.

- que:
  - yes?
  ans:
  - the bathroom cabinet has a hidden compartment.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - i've got a really good idea.

- que:
  - honey?
  ans:
  - the limousine.

- que:
  - don't i deserve an answer?
  ans:
  - say something.

- que:
  - just answer me, okay?
  ans:
  - room service.

- que:
  - how many targets?
  ans:
  - one.

- que:
  - what's he iook like?
  ans:
  - i haven't been informed yet.

- que:
  - how're you enjoying our beautifui mardi gras?
  ans:
  - real well.

- que:
  - which one is it?
  ans:
  - i don't have that data yet.

- que:
  - which target, dammit?
  ans:
  - a while ago, i did something really bad.

- que:
  - so how was new orleans?
  ans:
  - everything you touch turns to shit.

- que:
  - what happens to him if he finds out?
  ans:
  - i know it wasn't an easy job.

- que:
  - which word do you not understand?
  ans:
  - there is no out.

- que:
  - like you?
  ans:
  - i know...... you like that you made me into something different.

- que:
  - you know who fahd bahktiar is?
  ans:
  - he's one of the world's richest men.

- que:
  - if i do this job, if i bring this off...... will you do what you can to help me get out?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - would you take these, john?
  ans:
  - thank you, john.

- que:
  - would they iet you ieave if you wanted to?
  ans:
  - happiness in llfe comes from braiding together what one would like to have...... with what is inevitable.

- que:
  - just get on a plane and disappear?
  ans:
  - to tell the truth, dear...... i don't know.

- que:
  - you won't tell bob i came?
  ans:
  - thank you.

- que:
  - want a back rub?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - with the hypnotic fantasy oll?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - see the upstairs corner?
  ans:
  - that's his bedroom.

- que:
  - does she die, too?
  ans:
  - absolutely not.

- que:
  - yeah?
  ans:
  - great.

- que:
  - is that mole real?
  ans:
  - how nice to see you.

- que:
  - hi.
  ans:
  - it's got to be...... aunt paullne or cousin molly...... or something, right?

- que:
  - you bought it for me, remember?
  ans:
  - when i moved into the studio.

- que:
  - where's francine?
  ans:
  - francine's sick today, so sherry sent us.

- que:
  - where's francine?
  ans:
  - francine's sick, so we're here.

- que:
  - can you do me out here?
  ans:
  - sure.

- que:
  - is the stain gone?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - did you guys meet my friends?
  ans:
  - this is \"stupid \"and the other one is \"stupider.

- que:
  - would you like some ginseng tea?
  ans:
  - no, i don't drink tea.

- que:
  - do you have silk, please, for my fingers?
  ans:
  - sure.

- que:
  - how?
  ans:
  - okay, okay.

- que:
  - did you hear anything?
  ans:
  - i'm victor.

- que:
  - where's the material?
  ans:
  - outside.

- que:
  - what's that for?
  ans:
  - cleaning up your shit.

- que:
  - christ, what're you doing?
  ans:
  - she's not dead.

- que:
  - it went off the tracks and i called in a cleaner.
  ans:
  - new driver?

- que:
  - what happened?
  ans:
  - two down.

- que:
  - how clean?
  ans:
  - down to the nap.

- que:
  - want a drink?
  ans:
  - salty dog.

- que:
  - go to your computer.
  ans:
  - what are you going to accompilsh by this?

- que:
  - is that what you think?
  ans:
  - hurry up.

- que:
  - what's the password?
  ans:
  - try to imagine what a bullet in the stomach feels like.

- que:
  - get on your knees, forehead to the ground, hands behind your back.
  ans:
  - are you deaf?

- que:
  - you think you can keep 800 mililon people in the 14th century forever?
  ans:
  - that's it.

- que:
  - is there a woman down there?
  ans:
  - there could be 20 women down there, for all i know.

- que:
  - you awake?
  ans:
  - she's gone.

- que:
  - where?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - why don't you get out?
  ans:
  - she ieft you a note.

- que:
  - yeah?
  ans:
  - i tore it up.

- que:
  - can i take this?
  ans:
  - yeah, sure.

- que:
  - you like nina?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - name?
  ans:
  - angie rawlins.

- que:
  - i hate these things.
  ans:
  - where are the stones?

- que:
  - don't you hate these things?
  ans:
  - just doing my job.

- que:
  - then again, you never know who you're gonna meet, right?
  ans:
  - i bet you're a lot more fun than any of those boring people upstairs.

- que:
  - who's talking?
  ans:
  - about a six second rotation.

- que:
  - robbery in progress.
  ans:
  - 911, what's your emergency?

- que:
  - what's the location?
  ans:
  - man, i love colored stones.

- que:
  - so whose stuff we stealing?
  ans:
  - you know the ones i mean.

- que:
  - you got it.
  ans:
  - is this your car?

- que:
  - fuck.
  ans:
  - the stones?

- que:
  - enjoying california?
  ans:
  - hope we're not here long.

- que:
  - the stones?
  ans:
  - the exchange was just robbed.

- que:
  - who wants to know?
  ans:
  - follow me.

- que:
  - just a little longer?
  ans:
  - sweetheart, you have school tomorrow.

- que:
  - what you mean?
  ans:
  - it's in your hand.

- que:
  - or this hand?
  ans:
  - watch.

- que:
  - how'd you do that?
  ans:
  - magic.

- que:
  - is it for me?
  ans:
  - of course it's for you.

- que:
  - can i have another one?
  ans:
  - yeah, you can have another one.

- que:
  - should we be considering a long vacation in a warm foreign climate with no extradition?
  ans:
  - the cat that called was only interested in the black stones.

- que:
  - so, what do we do now?
  ans:
  - wait to hear from me.

- que:
  - so where are you going?
  ans:
  - i'm going to get some answers.

- que:
  - all right?
  ans:
  - it's all right.

- que:
  - you want it?
  ans:
  - i'il make you a deal on it, ammo included.

- que:
  - a marine corps assault hovercraft?
  ans:
  - i'm here on other business.

- que:
  - hey, listen, you weren't by any chance downtown today, were you, tony?
  ans:
  - not at all.

- que:
  - ever see a black diamond?
  ans:
  - i've seen a white diamond, pink...... yellow, blue ones.

- que:
  - is there a timetable on this?
  ans:
  - yesterday.

- que:
  - who the fuck are you?
  ans:
  - the man for whom christophe arranged to have the black stones...... brought into the country and deposited at the jewelry exchange.

- que:
  - all right, well, how much?
  ans:
  - maybe you didn't understand me.

- que:
  - i don't have time for this.
  ans:
  - yo, check this out?

- que:
  - that's your last offer?
  ans:
  - i can be a very dangerous man, mr. fait.

- que:
  - do i look like the salvation army?
  ans:
  - i bust my ass all night and got nothing to show for it.

- que:
  - you know what, dog?
  ans:
  - it don't even matter who the fuck you are.

- que:
  - how many times i got to tell you people?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - but they could've beat me into a coma or killed me.
  ans:
  - did you see my new dvd players?

- que:
  - how could i tell you where the stones are if i'm dead or on life support?
  ans:
  - so i threw in the towel, reluctantly, for your sake.

- que:
  - who was it?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - what did they say?
  ans:
  - give me the stones, you fat cracker motherfucker.

- que:
  - that's it?
  ans:
  - i don't know, but they got some great guns i can't even get.

- que:
  - jump chambers?
  ans:
  - i hope not.

- que:
  - hey, who's jump chambers?
  ans:
  - this guy's in on everything that goes down in town.

- que:
  - picture, preferably?
  ans:
  - yeah, all right.

- que:
  - read chinese?
  ans:
  - no, but i know \"cop \"in every language.

- que:
  - some kind of kung fu james bond?
  ans:
  - son of a...

- que:
  - what did you just do?
  ans:
  - i said i have the stones, and i won't negotiate for your daughter.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - that's stupid.

- que:
  - su says he has the stones.
  ans:
  - what the hell are you talking about?

- que:
  - why not negotiate for the girl?
  ans:
  - doesn't make any sense.

- que:
  - should we stop them?
  ans:
  - we'il never regain their confidence.

- que:
  - what about the girl?
  ans:
  - we'il need her.

- que:
  - how old is she?
  ans:
  - mind your business.

- que:
  - boyfriends?
  ans:
  - never.

- que:
  - pmd?
  ans:
  - yeah, put me down.

- que:
  - what's this all about?
  ans:
  - the stones are not what you think they are.

- que:
  - what about this guy who has vanessa?
  ans:
  - he's exactly what you think he is.

- que:
  - where'd you get this piece of shit?
  ans:
  - let's just say grandma and grandpa have a long walk back from the campground.

- que:
  - you sure you cleaned it out?
  ans:
  - it's clean, all right.

- que:
  - who rang that bell?
  ans:
  - here are your visitors, mr. chambers.

- que:
  - who's the gook?
  ans:
  - chinese guy.

- que:
  - how you doing, jump?
  ans:
  - don't waste my fucking time, nigga.

- que:
  - how's daria?
  ans:
  - good.

- que:
  - problem?
  ans:
  - the black stones.

- que:
  - black stones, what?
  ans:
  - i need them back.

- que:
  - but you don't pimp, right?
  ans:
  - you're just a thief in the night, stealing shit that don't belong to you.

- que:
  - he don't talk?
  ans:
  - i don't speak korean.

- que:
  - ain't that a switch, chick?
  ans:
  - them motherfuckers got faces like walls, but they love to drink and look at naked girls.

- que:
  - why don't you roll by sometime?
  ans:
  - check out the poon.

- que:
  - what do you want, man?
  ans:
  - i mean...

- que:
  - what would make a man go through that kind of trouble, take that kind of heat?
  ans:
  - gotta be something good.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - they're at his club.

- que:
  - how do you know?
  ans:
  - i know.

- que:
  - it's never happened to you?
  ans:
  - no.

- que:
  - why?
  ans:
  - he has to remember something.

- que:
  - what if he can't?
  ans:
  - pretend it's taiwan.

- que:
  - what are you doing?
  ans:
  - relax.

- que:
  - all right?
  ans:
  - stay away from the truck.

- que:
  - precious daria.
  ans:
  - what?

- que:
  - what's up, odion?
  ans:
  - long time, no see.

- que:
  - so, what brings you around here?
  ans:
  - sometimes you need to see old friends.

- que:
  - you got trouble?
  ans:
  - with a capital t.

- que:
  - tony fait?
  ans:
  - thought you two were tight.

- que:
  - so, what you want me to do?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - champagne?
  ans:
  - yes.

- que:
  - so you looking for a job?
  ans:
  - i need something.

- que:
  - how would jump feel about me coming back and all?
  ans:
  - you let me worry about jump chambers.

- que:
  - in the meantime...... how about we go to my office and we talk about this a little bit more?
  ans:
  - it's not exactly boxing matches, it's a lot more dangerous.

- que:
  - the man you remember, how do you know he'il be here?
  ans:
  - i don't, but this is chambers 'operation, so it's a damn good place to start.

- que:
  - how can you recognize him?
  ans:
  - well, i didn't see his face, but they all kind of look the same.

- que:
  - how do we get in?
  ans:
  - leave it to me.

- que:
  - how's that armor plated lincoln i sold you?
  ans:
  - cops stopped me.

- que:
  - no more favors.
  ans:
  - him?

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - you've got to be shitting me.

- que:
  - why don't you put on some music?
  ans:
  - slower.

- que:
  - yo, what the hell are you doing?
  ans:
  - oh, pest control, player.

- que:
  - what notice?
  ans:
  - that's what burn my ass to the bone, a brother just trying to make a living...

- que:
  - you know what?
  ans:
  - that's beside the point.

- que:
  - how come?
  ans:
  - the foreigners are bringing over them scary ass foreign bugs, man.

- que:
  - quarantine people?
  ans:
  - they gonna shut you down.

- que:
  - see that little motherfucker up there?
  ans:
  - that's me.

- que:
  - why i gotta fuck with you?
  ans:
  - look.

- que:
  - all right?
  ans:
  - okay.

- que:
  - man, you got a jacuzzi?
  ans:
  - look at the ball.

- que:
  - how many freaks you get in here?
  ans:
  - i bet you sit yours right there on that ball.

- que:
  - now you keep the door closed...... and give this shit a full hour before anybody steps in here, all right?
  ans:
  - damn.

- que:
  - sometimes you just need an old friend?
  ans:
  - it came from the office.

- que:
  - they're not here?
  ans:
  - they're here.

- que:
  - what are you talking about?
  ans:
  - he stashed them here somewhere.

- que:
  - what the hell we gonna do?
  ans:
  - everybody just go.

- que:
  - but, t, what about you, man?
  ans:
  - i gotta save vanessa.

- que:
  - yeah?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - who's in there?
  ans:
  - you're wrong.

- que:
  - we're still here, t.
  ans:
  - what you want?

- que:
  - got anything you want us to do?
  ans:
  - nothing yet.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - you win.

- que:
  - where is he?
  ans:
  - well, open the door.

- que:
  - where'd you put the stones?
  ans:
  - i ain't selling you shit till i know where the ceiling is.

- que:
  - where's my fucking butter?
  ans:
  - it's almost ready.

- que:
  - you dig?
  ans:
  - instead of doing this back and forth shit, my idea is you come up with a number.

- que:
  - you like that?
  ans:
  - yeah, i like that.

- que:
  - how we gonna get them out of there?
  ans:
  - that place is always jumping.

- que:
  - where is he?
  ans:
  - everybody stay put.

- que:
  - watch my nuts, all right?
  ans:
  - no chambers 'guys.

- que:
  - where are they?
  ans:
  - ling.

- que:
  - how the fuck do you know?
  ans:
  - i know.

- que:
  - what am i gonna do?
  ans:
  - we have to go.

- que:
  - is everything else ready?
  ans:
  - just have to test the device.

- que:
  - goggles?
  ans:
  - here you go, man.

- que:
  - calm down.
  ans:
  - want me to get that?

- que:
  - look around.
  ans:
  - where are you?

- que:
  - what do you see?
  ans:
  - i don't know.

- que:
  - where's the light coming from?
  ans:
  - i can't tell.

- que:
  - he's doing it here tonight.
  ans:
  - laser show?

- que:
  - doing what?
  ans:
  - selling the stones.

- que:
  - what are these stones?
  ans:
  - a new form of synthetic plutonium.

- que:
  - am i right?
  ans:
  - we're operational.

- que:
  - but what if it weren't?
  ans:
  - we got five choppers.

- que:
  - so glad the angels kept you safe.
  ans:
  - how?

- que:
  - another one?
  ans:
  - you know it.

- que:
  - so, what happens to the stones now?
  ans:
  - they'il be destroyed.

- que:
  - jail?
  ans:
  - come on, man.

- que:
  - can't he at least get probation?
  ans:
  - i'il do what i can.

- que:
  - because we make a hell of a team, am i right?
  ans:
  - except for you.

- que:
  - so, what percentage are we talking?
  ans:
  - none.

- que:
  - that low, huh?
  ans:
  - it's about time i got my shit together.

- que:
  - so you guys are all just gonna up and go straight?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - have you?
  ans:
  - i've had plenty of straight jobs.

- que:
  - really?
  ans:
  - name one.

- que:
  - you were an avon lady?
  ans:
  - i was an avon man.

- que:
  - you got a problem with that?
  ans:
  - no, it's fair.

- que:
  - i know her.
  ans:
  - why you looking at me like that?

- que:
  - remember the party?
  ans:
  - she whipped your ass.

- que:
  - did you just say my mama had a fat ass?
  ans:
  - no, i said i have a kind of a fetish for big women.

- que:
  - what?
  ans:
  - i'm gonna write a movie about all the shit we got through.

- que:
  - who's playing you?
  ans:
  - i've been thinking about that.

- que:
  - and you?
  ans:
  - guess.

- que:
  - you know who will be your girlfriend?
  ans:
  - oprah.

- que:
  - big oprah or little oprah?
  ans:
  - medium oprah.

- que:
  - who?
  ans:
  - halle berry.

- que:
  - remember the movie sixteen candles?
  ans:
  - yeah.

- que:
  - what happened to him?
  ans:
  - he waiting tables someplace.

- que:
  - who you got?
  ans:
  - winona ryder.

- que:
  - you know what?
  ans:
  - we should get the same dude that directed romeo must die.

- que:
  - the polack?
  ans:
  - yeah, we'il get him in there.

- que:
  - exit wounds, did you see that?
  ans:
  - i saw that.

- que:
  - whatever happened with those two guys?
  ans:
  - i heard they're gay.
