# 083


> [simpleQA start]

## well we'll just see what happens come september 30th, won't we?
white people.

## you lost weight?
president will leave office four months from today w/out achieving one of his principal foreign policy goals, an israeli/palestinian peace.

## oooooo can i come too?
i'd be insulted if you didn't.

## talkin bout the one not developed by epic goats?
we good.

## anybody else find it crazy as hell listening to hiawatha warren lecture stumpf about honesty?
scoop me so its like a family affair.

## can it be remote?
maybe!

## you'll be there, hermano?
you know you realized the mets have to win every game.your still focusing on the division..

## well isn't that just a slapper to the laces?
us playing like hope solo should be in net b.

## have you seen it?
loved it last season but this season is off to a strange start..

## you lost weight?
im coming to ny next week.

## snl's satire is toothless?
duh..

## does it matter?
i have more shoes than friends.

## will someone send this to the nohilljill supporters?
i'm tired of reading how evil they think she is.

## and those dancing eggs, right!?
definitely a highlight!.

## like nike direct?
i'm talking multi brand boutiques and chain stores.

## i forgot, when's the latest i can submit it and where do i submit it to?
by the end of saturday post it on twitter and/or youtube and use and so we can find it.

## have you seen it?
loved it last season but this season is off to a strange start..

## lol gen just started serving alcohol?
i remember working there and having to tell them alcohol was coming next month..

## ahhh whyd you quit?
kaepernick, i have received death threats for protesting national anthem.

## lmfao i know, that description doesn't match the title which also don't math the title of the entire article?
brain hurts..

## who blows the save tonight?
you forgot option e...

## family guy and tna impact?
it's as bad as i remembered.

## for you?
yeah, i've got your back.

## i'm watching star trek first contact for the very first time and like, are we having fun yet?
young adam scott!

## fastest harmonica?
via.

## are we just going to sit back and allow this man to be the most powerful person on earth?
they have offices in the school  they never do their job, amazing..

## should i be brave?
that's some apple level courage.

## when u r on the water r u totally oblivious to distractions?
yes, completely, except strangely for weedwhackers!

## hoyer scares you?
he's been passed around the league even more than wheaton!

## when was the last time you tried something new?
a5, i just recently tried a new shoe but when i went to buy it again back ordered in my size so trying another new one.

## the weather?
reg one of those new school weirdo niggas.

## doors open at 3 on saturday, but do they close at a specific time?
i get off work at 4.

## where is this?
r lounge in,).

## they didn't announce a tour did they?
i went this year.

## 40 hours?
you're not emulating so probably longer.

## what service you got?
sprint, surprisingly enough..

## loose and gaping?
cavernous and full.

## are the young going to be fighting each other over this?
if history teaches us correctly, yes they will..

## is that a pfluger reel and fenwick rod?
nice pic!

## good enough?
just messing with u mike.

## ben, when in brooklyn maybe dinner?
i think the water resistance is pretty cool and i've been shoving my phone in water all day, i'm gonna stop now..

## no team pei?
c'mon.

## exactly?
he has gotten backlash.

## they didn't announce a tour did they?
i went this year.

## why don't you just legally change your name to scout?
i wonder how much money it is.

## can you afford that these days?
the point genius, is baer is not the issue, the issue is the idiot tweeter working for the giants..

## did it hurt your feelings?
love spending time with the ones i love the most" *posts a pic of yourself*.

## have you tried the pizza shop?
24th and folsom, it's.

## what american, even his supporters, is ok with that?
shameful.

## what do you look for in a new shoe?
not just replacing, but something diff..

## do artists get anything to rep at concerts?
dak has a higher qbr, degree of difficultly than wentz in 1st 2 starts.

## you know about the capcom bar in japan?
nah whats good with thay.

## the new is filthy like, what the fuck are these animations?
brilliant job + squad.

## hmm?
shut the fuck up i will fucking laser you with alien fuckin eyes and explode your fucking head.

## dang why not?
too much hype.

## her weapons?
prayer and truth..

## so you've probably had to find a completely different system to motivate, then?
or maybe not even.

## why is whining about losing the debates before they have even begun?
the elections are rigged, the debates are rigged".

## how much?
shaving my beloved beard off tonight to play this doofus on mst3k again.

## would you *really* want that list, though?
it would just be a fancy filter bubble to ultimately waste your time..

## wtf?
mine and struggle to get up at 7 am.

## her weapons?
prayer and truth..

## are you using the latest version in the app store laura?
thanks.

## wanna play this weekend?
i'll set mine up.

## where do dogs poop on the boat?
right on the boat.

## ever notice every 4 yrs the libs start their racist rhetoric?
been going on for decades.

## can you please help me please?
my service cordinator told me that he has to wait to hear from the ravens to -.

## which flavor of the fall rules them all?
pumpkin of course!

## and send us a dm letting us know what number it's under?
thanks so much!

## did you like the quesadilla or the steak tacos more?
ooh damn...

## so what's on everyone else's agenda?
lowkey just so bored and dont wanna leave mt apt so this ive just been playing with snapchat ugh help.

## no questions about christie?
he would never answer it.

## so how do you like it so far?
it's really intriguing.

## what was the point of mentioning he's old?
we kinda already know this..

## so what's on everyone else's agenda?
also wish this was my actual agenda rn it's been too long things are starting to get weird.

## what did you learn today?
nothing as useful as this.

## is that wrong?
years ago some enterprising reporter surely had the goods on trump that his foundation was just a tax shelter.

## im creating a new think tank for climate change, would you join and post your tweet also at?
posted there!

## do you know why goldman pay so much money to her?
he got libya's money thanks to her..

## do you thrive off competition too?
not at all.

## you want a half-assed analysis of stadium wi-fi?
tune in sunday for my beer-fueled report!

## what's going on with ragnar's yard?
they're not sure.

## i assume you're only asking so you can find out which material we prefer our statue to be made out of?
fyi, bronze.

## hey, nice article but could you remove my employer from it?
not sure why they're relevant since the research is all personal,).

## can you please help me please?
my service cordinator told me that he has to wait to hear from the ravens to -.

## so what the hell do you have to lose?
the chance to elect a potus who'll make back lives better!

## why do you look good when studying, are you even real?
yooo this is nice as hell ily.

## sweet jesus what is wrong with this country?
nothing helps me wake up faster.

## he throws all this crap out there, msm lost forest from trees?
maybe step back.

## anything?
hello....

## why would the b samples take longer to report than the a?
this has been big news in sweden for weeks.

## they already said he had a weapon correct?
he was reading..

## sign to the left remind you of anything in particular?
ha!

## scott, why are you bothering with this ridiculous woman?
initially i thought i could help clear up her obvious confusion..

## will it come with images for oracle products?
sorry american friends, but tortorella isn't the one on the ice getting dominated..

## it ever happens?
but here's the problem my family is to busy to take me to the nfl game..

## the dim sod in all this terrible business is marion cotillard ehm have you seen guillaume canet?
brad is a gummer!

## you care to wager on what the people think is the better list?
smh this bout chatting.

## is it not a fireable offense for the public editor of the so-called paper of record 2 b unconcerned with factual accuracy?
thanks!

## how did the school handle it?
hope pots is ok to go to school tomorrow.

## which parise was this?
surely not one in the arena..

## and?
is here.

## where would i be without?
question of the day.

## what the f**cking f**ck is going on with javascript these days?
the bikeshed somehow became a yak farm and now there's colorful hair everywhere and no sign of the bikes.

## why do i enjoy it when  are sniping at each other?
cause that's when they are at their funniest!

## right?
like okay ham to being our authentic selves  keeping it real but we need to live and survive too.

## i read your bio and am curious if you believe christian faith can save people from the gay lifestyle?
ghost head taking a moment of mirrored contemplation.

## so to clarify if you believe parts of bible are literal and parts not, how doyou choose?
it's exegesis-christians have been working on this for millennia, and it's a process that builds on itself..

## how will adobe contact me?
they will find you on the internet after all the streams are done!

## how do you think i feel?
even their newspaper sucked..

## who do you want to see?
bille kay and ember moon.

## you are with aj these days?
i joined in 2013..

## opening segment, tensions in the tag team divison, the ic title match and cena vs ambrose with ambrose winning?
great show!

## why didn't he comply?
he should not have been killed  wouldn't have if he had complied..

## how does one acquire a copy?
lucky ass, i'm deff still gonna go if i don't win these damn front row tickets lol.

## and one for yourself also i assume?
will get it when i go to his house in maui.

## wasn't it margot that scored?
my sentiments exactly!

## so to clarify if you believe parts of bible are literal and parts not, how doyou choose?
i don't choose, i listen to scholarship and do my best.

## love your enemy?
that's literal!.

## leap seconds though?
sure dst can mess you up.

## it ever happens?
but here's the problem my family is to busy to take me to the nfl game..

## somebody really tried to hack my twitter huh?
smh my password like 20+ characters now.

## really?
50 shipping on an $80 order!

## anyone know if pineda is in line for the w?
no since they scored in the 7th.

## that 3d software - profile, maybe?
something with a p id recognize that chalice anywhere.

## you gonna close games for them?
usps will have the most up to date information.

## is 10pm they are closed at 5pm i can't do anything but 2 wait  wait like always if says 3 days why doesn't come on tha date?
sorry her she my favorite already.

## are you just hearing this song for the first time?
no lol it just reminds me of my youth.

## no dear where did the stats come from?
that is a question for hrc.

## been a fan of the art of charm podcast for long?
send the house on em!

## could ambrose regain the belt before the triple threat at no mercy?
you never know lol, we'll see.

## art, do you know how big a role does the coach play in picking the players?
may d ft.

## or did a coupon code take it below $75?
i say this because k.

## so when did you set it up for?
i dont get breaks at my job for such shenanigans.

## most of my google searches are just, can dogs eat _________?
cement.

## you do understand the rarity of gender dysphoria?
the entire study sample the stat referenced was lgbtq.

## have any of you watched gilmore girls for the first time over the past couple of years?
trying to get into it and the acting/dialog....

## still finds a typo?
stickers are so weird without the reward association.

## what has gotten into me today?
harambe didn't die for this.

## mcd or carlson over vlasic?
maybe.

## you never start with the biggest first right?
you always start with the biggest first.

## is jerry stiller in it?
if not, i won't be watching..

## breh where they do that at?
white parties.

## are you aware of this little book?
skydiving in upstate ny, places to go for an unforgettable free fall.

## guinness?
whatever it is gimme a pint of it.

## do you use the free pearltrees account?
never used it before.

## what is the benefit?
yes erin-i use the free one-i like the way everything sits there and you just have to click on it-good for presentations.

## where is this calendar visible?
the bourdain ama is awesome.

## do you use the free pearltrees account?
never used it before.

## what is the benefit?
also easy to share the link.

## are you watching?
if you haven't been arrested yet, then no..

## who is this zan guy?
he's mad peculiar..

## do you have a version of this on youtube or somewhere else i can catch it?
it is not being recorded, but his pycon talk was,.

## has it been a top tier question?
it should be, but sadly over it is not..

## this girl on bgc is from the bronx?
what projects is she from?.

## the new season started?
according to, yasiel puig signed a shirt and sent it to madison bumgarner.

## any updates you can share from there?
what type of psycho who's literally lost over 100+ units in a weekend makes another account and think he's trolling ppl fucking loser!

## one?
there's been dozens this year alone!

## xcuse my absence?
then u end up in this weird cycle of ignoring this person for no reason.

## myrtle beach?
nah thats south carolina lol.

## are any republicans worth saving?
no!

## do both?
spend the fucking money.

## when a father calls with that kind of report, wouldn't you think they'd do something?
should begin an investigation..

## what's the theme?
live look at tortorella during the 2nd intermission.

## is it too late to bet on what player gets thrown at?
i have $5 seager.

## ben, when in brooklyn maybe dinner?
i'm waiting for him to come here as well,(.

## best places to shop for furniture?
tweet me them!

## what's happens when 5,848 refers to tennant and the tardis?
wait, weren't the bush's deemed nazi's by media/left before supporting hillary?.

## also, do we track tweet response times?
go/ats.

## who do you like so much?
weekes, hull, chelios, cohn, panger, buccigross..

## do u see what a self-interested narc you are?
a writer for _rolling stone_.

## was that neve campbell's show?
no, i don't know what that was lol..

## lightweight made out of lightening?
this is why people think you're 12.

## wasn't clinton on the daily show talking about winding it down later this year?
currently eating jello chocolate pudding cups.

## what's the irony?
an old man, turned 92.

## oh isnt it ironic?
dont ya think?".

## who is this zan guy?
he's mad peculiar..

## what happened with hubbach?
just logged on, fill me in!

## what do you consider the "multi-billionaire" entrepreneur with a global corporation of corruption?
beef.

## your team making the playoffs?
if not don't mention me.

## when are you leaving?
i don't know but i'm looking at a house during october.

## what do you think about it?
it's so raw and going to be a great watch for people.

## max, can we trade siri's pls?
thx.

## why dont you?
a new yorker in the bay area...will continue to assume that these bart lines are optional.

## what was the reaction of the audience?
when people ask me why i am the way that i am i'm just gonna redirect them to this screenshot of a.

## career as i am now, you know?
absolutely!

## how was you walking to a building while your phone was charging?
i mean who you want him to pass it to..

## eric snow?
lol..

## block and rebound?
lol we been through all of this already.

## flight?
sorry, we don't do that one..

## next-level vagina facials?
i got one..

## lol which date you going?
idk tbh lol, i dont care tho.

## what happened with hubbach?
just logged on, fill me in!

## what do you consider the "multi-billionaire" entrepreneur with a global corporation of corruption?
just saying...

## will there come a day when an entire ios version will come and go without a public jailbreak tool?
please dont say things like that!

## low energy zombie clinton on ny bombing news did we wake you?
not quite.

## they have dementia?
where is hilliary right now getting medical attention.

## wasn't clinton on the daily show talking about winding it down later this year?
as in "bill clinton extended interview via ".

## how come?
read wh press sec.

## i was thinking 7th heaven but that was jessica biel right?
much appreciated.

## who's telling you not to?
nah.

## what can we do to stop this?
and certainly tweeting about isn't enough.

## action is needed--but what?
rhetorically - i stress rhetorically - he's declared war on the globalist establishment --.

## does she even realize that not all disabled people are white?
wtf?!

## seriously?
sigh.

## who doesnt have bluetooth on?
bluetooth sucks as a dac.

## were you born that stupid?
basket of skittles from the basket of deplorables.

## you wanna?
let's put money down on this.".

## corey why waste your time?
my granddaughters can cross their eyes..

## they have dementia?
from being a comedian.

## anyone know how to delete msm stories about deleting vip emails?
i have a very high profile client who needs to cover up a cover up..

## they're a bunch of cry babies- why pander any more to them?
nice to see there are some adults left ..

## who won springsteen 1975, time or newsweek?
newsweek had a better cover, but the time story seemed to have a better grasp of his potential..

## the girl from charmed was on it?
no, i don't think so.

## what could clinton/trump possibly say that we haven't heard already?
let in for goodness sake!

## another major hire at midnight?
no way.

## come on, seriously?
hire me.

## need advice on a pure depth pickup, -crowell/rb -wallace/wr -mckinney/rb -t.williams/wr -sims/ rb -riddick/rb -cruz/wr who?
riddick, sims, wallace, crowell, cruz imo.

## could you tell me about the nutrition direction you have changed towards for your son?
links are fine.

## enough so to share?
but we miss you in clemson sid office..

## are you aware of this little book?
maybe i'll tweet a few select illustrations from it for next week's.

## when are you doing a book signing?
it is all being worked out now!

## can you tell me if you have the home button delay on the iphone 7?
its driving me crazy.

## sorry um how many shows have you been to?
since when does anyone play on time....

## but why was a teaser even nec?
he wasn't charging at anyone.

## complained they weren't able to bring 23-and-unders?
wait was this a real rule.

## twitter?
taught me how to use the computer  computer skills too.

## the maxi wire runs right to head, yes?
our range reno irrigation has proved tricky with the decoders....

## say what?
ahh just when i thought u knew your shit.

## wait r u 18?
lol i know just sassing you.

## what boyfriend?
the one i will eventually get in the future....

## every time i pop up in my brothers room he goes "what you want" like damnnnnn can't i just say hi?
i do that to my brother lmfao.

## where would you wanna take me?
if i were to take you out it would be a nice candlelit dinner for 2 and then may dancing or a nice walk at sunset.

## wassup buddy?
oh ha i was replying to that apple/tesla tweet but it looks like the thread got lost.

## what's it look like?
it's a deck showcasing photos from haiti.

## good god i realize jay bruce is cold, but are we really pinch hitting him for eric fucking campbell?
terry clearly is scenile tonight.

## is this true?
imagine he is senile and can see through his crap so what's going with his followers.

## are you recovering well?
you are a true talent...

## who are their designers?
eric campbell's last mlb at-bat was on may 30.

## are you a fan?
i have not watched it but i am thinking about getting on demand and catching up on it.

## can one ever be satisfied?
evokes donald trump's wall in final speech of his presidency.

## does he realize that represents us?
lemme know if you find good tickets.

## and he leaves the bench to back to the clubhouse?
if i'm coming off as a bother when i ask questions i very much apologize.

## it's out on dvd already!?
lmao!

## i can't find it?
god she was hot back in the day....

## can one ever be satisfied?
i'm surprised tamra hasn't blocked me yet.

## you'd rather we lose influence  allow russia to sell them arms?
me fighting terror too..

## can we ban puerto ricans from coming here?
mexicans brought us tacos.

## what have ricans done for us?
still waiting for a legit answer to this...

## how about you return the fees you illegally charged your customers, and have your ceo to resign?
im sorry i got the pic wrong.

## why are there so few people of color in nyc?
i'd make a great killer..

## what about carlos and the wrestler?
one of the best days i had so far.

## we'll see?
omg your steve hahahaha.

## what can stop this madness?
we need them and they are crazy..

## want a 4 min crash course?
they handed the benghazi committee doctored email evidence..

## would you think about posting a link to that simon rowlands piece you mentioned?
posted!

## will you stay?
just a little while babe.

## didn't this just happen to your class the other day?
i share your belief that adaptation is a fine film.

## volt/neon i'm assuming?
still salty they did the og presto sizing instead of regular sizes.

## which ones?
i'm not as familiar with rpg designers by name.

## what song you listening to?
prince charming.

## they played you bro?
damn..

## how do they choose?
careful study, mainly.

## my rule?
i assess what leads to love and good deeds-and how.

## jonah+a whale?
not meant as literal..

## boo, 49?
m, 35.

## b, please run for president m,  why?
b, bc youre the best.

## so how do you like it so far?
pretty good first episode.

## do you know if i wanted to send it to sjsu if the only way to do it is to go to the main campus?
please vote in this poll.

## which presidential candidate do you think would be stronger on national security?
if they rephrased this to who would invade the wrong country after ignoring intel about another 9/11, it would be obvious..

## how about....?
lol thats crazy, im sure u had them competin in europe within a couple years, introducin a latino flair  passion to the squad.

## we have a plan, remember?
yyaaass we do.

## you going to karaoke this year?
yes, yes you are..

## which one do you like best?
black  white of course!

## where is when we need him?
if they rephrased this to who would invade the wrong country after ignoring intel about another 9/11, it would be obvious..

## where are you from so we know where to go first?
can we pause and think about just how nuts it is that ronald reagan's vp and a former president is voting for the dem.

## nominee?
bush was too liberal to get the top spot.

## what's the first word that comes to mind when you see this behind-the-scene movie shot of mine in?
children of the corn...sorry, the mic looks too much like a scythe.

## was it a chick?
keep on tweeting with us, agents!

## seems desperate, and how can there be a clear, unified voice?
okay sweet!

## why do you have xxxxxl presto sized feet?
i'm at the top of the largest size range so i just end up w/ a very detailed visual of the shape of my foot when i wear em,/.

## did you ever read the jsa follow up storyline thy kingdom come?
kevin plawecki!

## sound familiar?
bring him on-board..

## in what way?
well actually now that i think about it, it's just the outfits you can wear..

## inspired by, would you rather fight a grizzly bear sized raccoon or 10 blood thirsty raccoon sized grizzly bears?
i would rather not be anywhere near either..

## isis doesn't like trump?
we'd better do something!

## friendly hillary?
legendary favors.

## are you enjoying your time as a real housewife?
i had a hard time but i would do it all over again because i love these women!

## what's a game?
my team doesn't give up.

## why is tda hitting?
da fuck.

## old gaga hater?
obsessed.

## why was he not pitched hit for?
thanks for blowing the game terry.

## you use?
a.

## will that and $4 get me an amy's frozen dinner?
is a food desert too, so no.

## is this a line from natasha pierre or what?
no need to feel badly.

## who's dexter?
i don't know any of these people.

## there's a marshall haas on?
a little too close....

## why homding out on me?
ugh i live at home and dont have a dvr to myself.

## is social journalism the next step for social justice warriors in the battle for hearts  clicks?
msnbc needs some new pundits.

## did your friends feel the vibes?
was it their first time over?,).

## so they can approval all of this today?
what a dumbass.

## you did it to yourself, cause who tf buys kfc?
y'all and this fast food.

## now acting like they never ate before..what animule's in them pork fried rolls?
hillary's debate prep includes watching video of jeb's brutal torture..

## yeah and where is mine?
in ur package.

## how many deaths wouldn't have happened because there is no way to tell proper dosage of stepped on shit?
trump was telling the truth when he said he doesn't settle lawsuits.

## you rang?
gotta figure duda leads off bottom 9th down 1..

## the last time i heard from you was when?
when i told you that.

## can you clarify?
whom the fuck is searching "5 signs your pregnant" on the urban outfitters mpos and not deleting the search history.

## are they redoing the park or removing it?
they mess with it.

## can you tell us a little bit more about the issue?
to late the phone its already being return back to me and the imei its clear now so next time ill just se.

## got a question for our queens?
send them through using!.

## have you heard of of can i make this isa card work on the same computer as this usb 3 device ?
mine is too i suppose --8.5x11, but i mainly subsist out of a backpack, so i guess it works for now lol.

## like all those purple pictures of nyc i see all the time coming from the same person?
i just blocked that account a long time ago.

## agree, maybe him can do tmz type show?
icymi, george h.w.

## mcd or carlson over vlasic?
actually phil kessel probably would too.

## why in the fuck won't someone just go to home depot and buy a fucking bucket?
buy a fucking bucket!

## how does she not know that gin is alcohol?
lol.

## how about next week?
sending peace and positive vibes your way babygirl!

## is a conspiracy theory?
what do u do when u don't have anyone to distract u from being sad.

## how$$$$ ok?
the man who got elected with the help of lee atwater and a slur-campaign against dukakis..

## whatchya smokin?
great idea larry, let the energy companies pay for it.

## lagares able to bat soon?
d'arnaud for sure.

## were you able get tickets?
it keeps saying they weren't available  they are way more expensive than i imagined so i didn't use the code but thanks!

## is he also referring to himself in the third person?
leak the band.

## i have it on tape come over tmrw and we'll watch together?
i bow to your expertise..

## do you still have it?
this album demands another listen--why the beatles were geniuses, magical mystery tour - remastered 200.

## is itself a conspiracy?
working on my website ;) i can't wait to show you guys what i'm working with!

## please?
what a great teaching tool, it's possibly the only thing lobs can understand.

## what's behind the white working class' stronger support for trump over clinton?
it's easy we don't don't like liars and politicians.

## how much?
six weeks now.

## have you had the chance to see them live?
this is seriously an issue...miss you too much.

## why do we care what his opinion is?
a crazy week i wouldn't wish on anybody.

## not from a medical school?you practice in us, or just foreign countries?
better stop responding, stupid showing...

## can i ask her for the recipe/dressing name?
because i really disliked eating it but i trust your taste.

## why would you say that?
stick w/ issues, not personal attacks..

## how much analysis needs to be done on the a if they've already come back positive?
thought that's what a b is for.

## feeling well?
i know there are more people of here in america in prayer for victims of than hateful mean spirited twitter trolls..

## rt what kind of acting roll is this?
nahhh.

## i'll be in the city fri-sat you busy all day tmrw bitch?
i got home at 2,40 and fell asleep at 3,30, waking up 3 hours later was totally worth it.

## you saw that too?
yes!

## sorry i didn't wreck my cars sooo we can't relate?
the struggle in those cases is real.

## they screened it at hudson horror last year?
maybe it was then.

## i think hes the son of a rapper that previously died...bankroll?
yeah gambinos real for having him in the show.

## where did we all come from,?
from mothers we hope cared about us  changed our diapers..

## thoughts?
i'm totally on the rpc over rest bandwagon..

## care to comment about your "charitable" funds shenanigans?
what a babe.

## will you be in nyc for it, erik?
that's right aimee owes us all some chips!

## how did he play in the preseason?
lmfao u would pull mad niggas with that.

## if given the opportunity, how would you witness to the?
this man did it with music!

## where is your shop?
my house in goshen now.

## where is that shot from?
success feels like an aggressive act to me.

## can you modify the fill mode of an animation?
i'm looking to dynamically update element styles post animation..

## what they do?
lol.

## or even la confidential?
i dunno..

## do they always critique the films of the deceased in their obits?
it's kind of fabulous..

## thank you for introducing me to this, how have i not seen this before?
ted nugent wants to elect trump and kill hillary clinton, barack obama - the daily beast this racist slob in dt ad.

## did you fall in love?
like i was asking him about wraps and he said in london you can get them at 16 and i peeeeeeeeeeeeed.

## what was the tweet?
got deleted.

## if someone trained a neural net with my browser history  click behavior, could i just sit back and watch the internet like one watches tv?
google and facebook mission probably,).

## what about your hubby!?
just kidding!

## can anyone explain to me how retweets so many tweets from different people when he only follows one account?
doesn't stop him from following hashtags.

## but "our military is so weak" and "the generals reduced to rubble" so how is this possible?
he just called our military the gang who couldn't shoot strait.

## what's the biggest hydro flask bottle size that fits in a car cup holder?
only the 25 fit in mine...32 wouldn't.

## recommend any?
best audiobook i've ever heard was the first one i ever listened to, gone girl..

## man on the numbers in cov 1 you know that slant gotta be coming what is reggie and sean doing?
it's all reggie on that one.

## not saying we have it as bad as asian americans, just that if you're gonna call out stereotypes call 'em all the way out ya know?
the entire history of metal in one picture..

## okay, where was jimmy page?
i started reading the new colson whitehead book and i had to stop because apparently just reading about slavery is too much for me rt now.

## people who push what specifically to hurt her?
passionate leader of unfpa kenya battles violence against women, fgm and child marriage via.

## your boy is a global threat.where is your conscience?
jfk/reagan tax cuts worked.

## so is going to turn out to be the network tv version of sense 8, or...?
hey look just turned into bojack horseman.

## as president, what would you do to make this stop?
this is where i disagree with you 100%.

## what we gotta do to get an hour of?
that's what i'm saying this show is to good to be a half hour.

## i have to wait 2 more week again?
let's all admit that we've fucked at least one of our followers.

## so is going to turn out to be the network tv version of sense 8, or...?
hope not i'm still waiting for season 2..

## what happened to level 7?
it's level fuscia now.

## what is that?
attending a meetup about twitter real-time in twitter hq.

## would you be willing to take a lie detector to prove this?
would you say you're me if i'm you which me you you but also makes me me but also makes me you and you me.

## how is he different?
politicians "evolving" isn't new- trump lying he ever held previous positions, isunique.

## 300 at att or air for dinner?
either way, it hurts.

## lol, pray for him?
he's the luckiest guy in the world, ever...

## who did you poll chelsea?
i can't believe we may end up with an internet troll as our president..

## any model of you think i should look at?
a series called upstream..

## like, how would this effect the battery industry?
we all grieve differently..

## first splyce now ddot, where does a writer go?
is always looking for journalists.

## wuuutt really?
i kept in check though.

## because nothing of interest happened?
i feel like that's a weird question to ask..

## does the new episode replay again?
i missed half of it.

## scrim?
we can inv.

## anyone going on a date soon?
can i tag a.

## how can you be a 3rd wheel if you're going to be my date?
trump university was all about using other people's money.

## what virtual instrument creator let alone software maker addresses customer feedback like this?
you are awesome!

## he read the?
your contact us page is broken, so i'm contacting you here.

## should i be worried?
we think that time is late 2016/17 when our mobile ticketing app comes out..

## lmao what's wrong with you?
so many things.

## is husband and wife covering up for each other?
im more of a left type of girl.

## like ron brown hah?
that doesn't make him a fun person though..

## like, how would this effect the battery industry?
maybe batteries would require more r/d $.

## thus, companies like tesla would get closer to a more efficient battery?
bought a headboard for my room so i feel like that's adulting.

## my gfs car got stolen last night anyone selling a car in the bay area?
actually, my buddy is selling his!,d he just put it on the market, you should reach out..

## what does this say about this country?
we are so divided-but how can we tolerate this bigotry!

## why you slagging on yuengling?
self control / frank ocean.

## we gonna get rid of pressure cookers next?
last i check there hasn't been a single domestic terrorist attack by a refugee.

## yup cuz that's a valid excuse?
men will find any way to justify their shitty ass behavior.

## what about from a sales standpoint?
the consumer would have to keep purchasing the batteries, which drives demand....

## where can we get more info?
it's so hicky huh.

## besides, didn't you said you wanted more pics?
i diiiiid,d happy to see them too!

## what about from a sales standpoint?
the consumer would have to keep purchasing the batteries, which drives demand....

## and what about our environment?
the implications would be huge given the need to constantly replace these batteries..

## what kind of subaru do you drive?
full sti swapped bugeye.

## is she ready to come back?
i found it here,.

## where's her broom?
omg joyce!

## why am i awake and reading this tweet?
good night!

## did you expect anything else?
gop eats sh$t.

## have you seen the league table fella?
obama today, "in order to realize the promise of the un, the us must give up freedoms" unbelievable..

## where can i find them?
i just sent you some of his book covers!

## how does it threaten her?
no threat to shoot.

## why do cats purr?
yes..."chrome" and "safari".

## couldn't she simply just ask her boss?
it just occurred to me that one can potentially get a 61-day move goal streak and still never get the perfect month achievement.

## you want extra nagging in that last day?
1 in 10 flights with you get lucky and the flight attendant is either a comedian or a rapper.

## any idea whats up with the 37 inbound currently?
it hasnt updated position in 15m; not at the end of.

## i guess the gps broke or something?
heading to north carolina for two big rallies.

## speaking of hot, can and i make out?
no, not as our characters....lol.

## can i be his stand-in please?
hey miguel, we'd love to provide you with a further explanation for this trade-in.

## this is all i have nothing else!?
more on the giveaway for the advances readers' copy of prince lestat and the realms of atlantis, you can double....

## you mean you don't love herding ram cow things?
my launch wii broke a week in and i had to replay the opening 7 hours immediately.

## who hates on you?
i don't like liars much.

## who is working on whom?
i'm at your location at 84th and broadway for a 10,15 movie, staff locked us out and ignoring us.

## sup with corn nuts?
can't wait for the days where i'll be praying behind my husband.

## why not next to him instead?
also says trump has provided millions to fund the trump foundation.

## what did you think of it?
lolz.

## can something have a negative conversion rate down the funnel tho?
i suspect the echo owners were more amused they had a use for it other than asking for the weather.

## didn't you just see a few days back?
just a follower....

## does a mayo and ketchup mix count?
no because it's a mix.

## do you want to refresh?
good luck!

## nia does the media donation actually work on the channel?
i have something truly unbearable i need to inflict on everyone..

## why would i be nervous?
i already know this stupid ass mets team will blow this wild card chances.

## was it hard in wod?
hey.

## who said i went through security?
fair enough.

## could we call it people.....horsing around?
runs to corner.*.

## can anyone make any serious financial decisions before november?
next winter, me coming to the office.

## netflix and hulu?
i listened to one of his tapes his face on it idk what it's called aha it was aight tho.

## what specifically was inaccurate or omitted?
asked the campaign about the reporting earlier and have yet t.

## some heresy?
something about wanting their money back, but in the next breath knox said only english majors love that movie.

## speaking of hot, can and i make out?
no, not as our characters....lol.

## so cars driving "at bicycle speeds" is a good thing to you?
good to know that you understand nothing about emissions..

## is ben a midget in real life?
its really cool.

## so who is watching?
i'm loving it so far!.

## are you serious?
what a fucker, such a damn waste.

## who is more vulnerable that young lgbtq poc?
you had me until you brought ronin into the conversation.

## im so confused, what do the numbers 21 and 31 have to do with anything?
no way are those people that old..

## what do bald people know that i don't?
well lemma tell ya.

## thoughts?
scavenger hunt options, so if ss don't know they can find it out.

## in first two games?
nfl record..

## i believe immigration should have dealt with this years ago, and his father ratting him out two years ago?
he did but without sold proof nothing can be done..

## what specifically was inaccurate or omitted?
asked the campaign about the reporting earlier and have yet t.

## curious, do you have email notifications turned on for mobile?
no, and it was the most life-changing decisions ive made.

## wanna maybe make some nice gloves one day?
go back to like 2008-2011 colorways.

## because the road wasn't straight?
a little bit of patience and a lot of hard work" - what it takes to bring btc mainstream by.

## what's your order number?
we'll take a look into this right now..

## how are you?
i'm craig.

## oh we've met?
my bad.

## what could possibly go wrong on their path to enlightened dialogue?
just bc we share the title of poc doesn't mean we share the same experiences of the black community and to think so is incredibly naive.

## do you agree?
so far so good.

## are you coming over or what?
i won't even bother..

## man you seen this bk/cheetos commercial with their weak ass back 2 back intro?
ryan...

## and is it bobbi brown or mac?
happy birthday!

## wait, that's an actual film?
ugh...

## remember when this stuff just for made for tv movies?
oh yeah it's a big budget hollywood movie!

## oh aren't you the kid that drives the automatic firebird?
i feel gay just passing that thing..

## i'm sorry what?
cuse is hated on every year and they'll continue to prove people wrong.

## fewer to find?
naggi named his kid sebastian.

## me or him?
also if it wasn't for the giants epically collapsing, they would be done.

## do a survey n ask?
might b time to bring back the good old classics..

## might we be rid of rats at last?
i love this story.

## would you have cut grandy too?
just wondering..

## when did found footage stop looking like random people holding a vhs camcorder and start looking like professional dps w/ a red?
after that it never really feels like real found footage.

## lacks auth access to non-shared albums, when locked?
nope.

## or are you really a clintonite troll?
i love this.

## what's wrong with people?
i've been given up on humanity.

## whatever happened to made for tv movies?
they dont make money..

## oh us?
we're just excited because finally premieres tonight at 10/9c on!

## but what about the evil spirits and ghosts who haunt it?
charge them rent or gtfo.

## what's your favorite song from my ep?
tweet me  hashtag.

## what's the first line?
c/o.

## you sing backup?
so about what i said on saturday...

## no i'll take you, but we out what time?
are you in the bronx?.

## what do you mean tonight?
it's every night.

## do a survey n ask?
might b time to bring back the good old classics..

## i just published are you dreaming?
you ain't gonna thought lead josh..

## do your best hands beat their best hands?if is across the table from you, are going say easy game and mean it?
trump campaign responds to story by attacking him..

## so?
relax guys.

## in a sorority or in the house?
because i've been to parties there but yeah guys aren't allowed in their college cults.

## long wolf terrorist attack == terrorist attack terror-cell terrorist attack == terrorist attack what else does anyone need?
need a little patience..

## are my feelings rooted in jealousy?
perhaps it is because i wouldn't feel confident with my fat neck.

## you clearly did what?
you jumped into my mentions all asshurt because little girl jill is going to lose.

## which finish did you get?
i have jet black and its slightly grippier than the 6s was..

## is there a separate report for newsmedia  news outlets,?
try nab and i believe the affinity groups might break it out.

## visiting hours still over?
all passes need to be handed in on the way out of the building.

## people be like i hate high school im like blood what?
i had hella fun especially cause i was all the older kids.

## will you be in nyc for it, erik?
i'll be there too guys.

## people be like i hate high school im like blood what?
i had hella fun especially cause i was all the older kids.

## what?
538s model has been constant.

## can protest that but not the cleveland jim joyce call?
they couldn't protest the joyce call, no..

## you clearly did what?
you jumped into my mentions all asshurt because little girl jill is going to lose.

## is that you're sexy voice i hear on the orkin commercials as i listen to?
i wish it was but unfortunately no..

## there's no rule against that, right?
scariest part is the bounce back.

## should we drive out?
it won't do any good if hrc wins and democrats don't get majority in senate in terms of getting a scotus nominee confirmed..

## did you read the rest of the story?
i didnt get much out of it at all.

## whatt ?
na i'm high and this is way too mind fucking.

## mfw people sending me dm threats cause of my last post bruh i can't have an opinion?
all i said was i don't see the point zzz.

## we can chat tomorrow if youre coming?
actually im heading back to baltimore tonight.

## ping me on messenger and we can chat?
omg this dog!

## what?
i have no recollection of such statements..

## are we arguing?
i can't tell..

## citizens united is law of land, aren't u supposed to be against it?
ugh..

## does have his kit yet?
johnny, cause i love screaming that name obnoxiously loud with this weird ascent that i doo...

## duude tomorrow after school?
same.

## you have proof he lynched anyone?
and you can stick a sock in your stupid smears..

## could we get that lucky?
i just hope they move quickly.

## you know who i'd really like to see in the 2017 bullpen, besides aj minter?
james robert johnson.

## you know that 40% would mean if you run election day 5 times trump wins 2 times and clinton wins 3, right?
cris  ronda.

## the longest running saga in mma history?
maybe they just weren't meant to be together!

## but really, does tauba's work get talked about in type circles?
wouldn't call myself a circle but my roommate did mention her work like 2 days ago and i complained abt her website lol.

## huh?
that was 20 years ago.

## you do know that 2015 was officially the hottest year on record since 1880?
back in may, scientists were already predicting a 99% chance that this year will be hotter than 2015..

## is she still alive...?
shouldn't be!

## do i look like a top gun tom cruise fighter pilot here t?
you're killing me right now with this..

## is this maturity...?
imam muhammad siddeeq, "there's more extremists  terrorists among the jews than among the muslims, according to th.

## so if the rosters were expanded and grandy was struggling as he was - youd say bench him?
meet the one who decides..

## is good police officer in a predominately white community doing much for it either?
no, they abuse whitey as well..

## what was the jv results please?
i swaddled this thing.

## why did the bad guys install a self destruct sequence in everyone of their plots?!?
the dark side really needs to hire a consultant to help them diversify their plotting--someone like dr.

## is it possible that multiple domestication lines confuse picture?
in the dmv like-.

## you mean you couldn't hear it from home on those winter nights with your windows open?
yes!

## why don't i have your notifications on?
lol not for long!

## like you?
not much.

## like living here?
we are citizens and don't need your permission to be here..

## you mess with these fam?
they're cool but not for me!

## 7 of your tweets?
awe, that's cute..

## flash sale?
i get paid tomorrow why.

## do you know which ones?
if none of that convinces you that climate change is serious and human-influenced, think about this,.

## what am i blowing my next paycheck on?
1 2 or 3.

## unlike, wasn't that cut  dry due to sweating them!?
wrong off the bat!

## so then alarms are useful if a thief is breaking into the car with other ppl around?
nah i think its that ebay turbo that gives off the vibes.

## also, can tom hanks just go ahead and retire from acting?
he's not a good actor.

## in what language does "not terrible" translate to "easy"?
matchup is very winnable.

## why can't you have a civil discussion ma'am?
the good old days of 1939 chinatown.

## literally no one would deliver premature triplets vaginally though?
unless it was, say, the 70s.

## hey j, see you tomorrow tom?
looks like you" has no pic of himself typical basement dweller.

## what about a good mac client though?
they also make a fantastic mac app!

## have you ever seen london?
i like melbourne.

## was it the bagpipe tweet that did it?
i'm anti-bagpipe and i vote .

## oh well i guess i don't mind being killed, as long as it's not by a terrorist?
totentgroup.com keep the wavy beats coming.

## so space doesn't get in their eyes?
all the space is distracting.

## any ideas?
yes, there are time when a vehicle will pop up at one location when in fact it is somewhere else along the line..

## is there a plan for improving this?
i read the related blog posts w/ interest but they mostly discussed the actual bus location..

## you wanna hear something ever more terrifying?
a true believer with an entire state and society behind him.

## your "houseniggers" now gurlie?
listen to them, they all can't be wrong!

## what is a u 2 do at 9pm when you choices are or msnbc?
avoid the tweet altogether!

## at what point does travis d'arneau stop getting chances in a met uniform!?
i've had enough i hit better than him call me.

## ok soooo do you like pettifluer?
us girls are so simple.

## legit question, if dubinsky was picked to match up against crosby, why the heck was he scratched?
not like it would have mattered much.

## i watched this and was just "damn is this what romances are gonna look like in the future?
that blows".

## how does harassing us on twitter help your cause?
it's a knife".

## in what language does "not terrible" translate to "easy"?
matchup is very winnable.

## is that right?
sometimes the flick works if youre lucky.

## oh, no tips, sorry, but are y'all gonna take october off for the "idle book club"?
y'all deserve it if so.

## you think the professors in college care if ur late or how u dressed?
no!

## what's up with her?
i can get over scary eyes of commander in chief but words are scary!

## 90% of fun things are either downtown or brooklyn but like can we move the fun things uptown so it's more convenient for me?
thanks.

## you're not gonna make me read shit and junk at this hour right?
nvm..i'll go see what netflix is recommending.

## know anyone who can help?
it's an emergency!

## roaring donkey?
what i think is more interesting is something turned me onto, ubuntu on w/ crouton..

## it was okay?
aka the one vaguely cool place in town.

## or pena or the entire cast besides the white guy?
well my tweet was based off the assumption that people are going by the demographics based in said places.

## why can't we have this weather year round?
because you live in canada..

## is that rocket?
only thing relevant in my life..

## are you seeing them next week?!?
damn josh know where i live he can send the wedding invitation there i'll be waitin.

## even the bad we take it and laugh at ourselves di ba?
that's why it's a different world!

## panny hose?
omgsh.....

## shaka or finesse?
flick of the flick of the wrist.

## what charm?
wow this is cold.

## out here being where exactly?
subtweeting everyone, not just julio!

## any insider info?
xd.

## what the heck who are you people?
well, pax east 2017 will be here in no time.

## do you go to the giants minor league games in san jose?
i heard those are a lot of fun..

## what makes google different?
the vast majority of interviews aren't about filling a specific role on one team.

## but what does googler even mean?
sounds like hiring for cult-like efficiency.

## buying property in ca?
i wish i could bro, but soon,-).

## can we film inside your lovely hotel, pls?
hi!

## wait have people complained about the gif integration now?!?
oh my goodness i love her face.

## alot of poison ivys?
i could imagine that as well..

## are they really terrible?
i heard they were bomb.

## your a reporter - do your homework?
she is a muslim and accepted over 250 million dollars from muslim countries - she owes them.

## she shipped them already?
this is a silly question..

## you expected greatess from aj?
it gets tiring when the media won't call out trump for this overtly racist, multi-year, disqualifying action.

## interesting, what do you look for in the scan?
i've actually won one before.

## how do you guys use spotify?
oh my god it's so fucking garbage.

## why obsolete, will?
i think a step in the right directn , until fusion cars..

## am i the only one that like flirts with their significant other through talking shit?
nah you ain't me and my boo thinks so too lmao.

## how do you like the inscription of scottish empiricism?
i mean description.

## did you read the book?
one of the last all night road trips leading towards the grands.

## which urban actor is under this costume?
martin lawrence.

## who are you again?
no one..

## beers here in sfo then?
they're perfect..

## why do you say that?
damn incisional hernia!

## oh, what was the last episode you watched?
it's currently ongoing with the last ep i think to air this week.

## is there where you got me to support islam?
not happening..

## oh, what was the last episode you watched?
it's currently ongoing with the last ep i think to air this week.

## more on the fruity side?
well i'm a bartender so i like all kinds of drinks!

## where the answer to falling victim to the evil folly of others?
the gain is singular, not unto the foolish, or the rich..

## does this look like a racist piece of human garbage?
of course not..

## seen anyone smelling their own fart?
just me.

## is anything grosser than being cutesy with trump?
he's an anti-semite and virulent racist, so let's ruffle his hair..

## questions about the oracle mobile challenge @?
we have answers!

## or second?
season one girl.

## meron kaya tayo mahihintay before christmas, like a solo jochard project?
x'mas gift lang!

## you turned on notifications on my tweets?
heheh.

## aw were girls with opinions mean to you in high school?
cry me a river.

## will, is that you?
thanks for sharing krysten!

## you know what they say, "choose your words wisely." where's the link to the story?
it's not up yet.

## so he knows you?
in a major reversal, donald trump now believes president obama was indeed born in the u.s., his campaign says..

## there's a cheese truck?
i shouldn't be surprised, i worked for a bacon truck,p.

## what is hc?
it's m a r e n.

## so how many in-n-outs are on the way to sf?
4 would be my guess.

## but you can't get a djinn back in its bttl, ever un-spilled milk?
broken beautiful lol wtf.

## any after parties ya rec?
haven't seen ya since may day nyc performance/our concert could be your life.

## remember?
tried to state this on show tonite, but mk wouldn't shut up zimmerman..

## better than gabino's?
let's start by assuming you're right.

## also what about?
us whites deserve to have great lives too!

## ever notice how if you get a herd of misogynists together they aren't physically capable of seeing women as people?
technically, that's a "passel", not a "herd".

## hahaha where you off to next?
pismo beach next.

## what's "your kind" mean?
cause bitches of your kind won't beat my kind's ass, with y'all retarded asses..

## did they play it?
yeah and it was tight.

## liberals the death of comedy?
oh please.

## if i pace around my house will pokmon go have the spacial resolution to hatch my eggs and reward my buddy?
i intend to find out..

## do retweets count?
i hope so.

## is it behind your shoulder blade?
i think so, i'm not too sure.

## have any help or advice for me?
i'm almost positive it's a 32-bit int being passed to inetworkmanagementservice or related..

## are you drunk tweeting again or have i drunk too much to process this?
i'm not drunk tweeting tonight.

## wtf?
i thought that's what this was.

## any specific genre and app to watch it on?
it's my fucking birthday.

## why do u want millions of refugees from countries that kill gay ppl?
look jimmy, they love you.

## who is "they"?
lmao bro this a subtweet.

## who you calling a racist?
i create stuff in piano class saying ill try it on ableton but i never do,(.

## no samsung android version yet?
i would love to see that happen.

## why should trump wait for clinton campaign operatives?
lolololol!

## should i slide?
ima try.

## where is this?
let's ride....been a while for me too..

## did a value wrap around to 0 or negative 2gb, or something else?
lol!

## did a value wrap around to 0 or negative 2gb, or something else?
so far, i see some.aidl functions returning byte values as long, which is 64-bit so that seems reasonable..

## was jimmy fallon supposed to do a hard-hitting interview?
of course not.

## was he supposed to shower a racist with love?
no.

## will honey i'm here will?
willlllll!

## also, i'm guessing you're using some flavor of android 6.0 marshmallow?
mi pueblo had strawberries for 1$ each pack.

## what's the name of the film where the cop car becomes airborne  takes out a chopper?
in '96, i was in remote northern bc on a summer job with only back to the future soundtrack for music.

## what was the 2nd game you featured?
this statement just falsely blamed hrc campaign.

## are retainers feasible when it's fresh?
maybe i'll just have to flip it up..

## are retainers feasible when it's fresh?
maybe i'll just have to flip it up..

## who updates celebrities' imdb profiles for them?
i actually got paid to update someone's once..

## forreal its hella nice?
looking at dual pc computer case porn again..

## how about the other way?
go tiny!

## which one needs a bed to share?
still need a black bowman one..

## increase by 0.1%?
yay..

## question, can you bring carry on luggage?
i would only have one suit case to bring...

## dammit.....is it really that bad?
i was gon see it tomorrow....

## bars?
wtf is "silicon mountain".

## is this healthy?
prolly.

## i assume you didn't have it registered?
i only learned about after mine was gone..

## is this healthy?
prolly not.

## this man wants to be our next president?
when will he stop this ugliness, this bigotry?".

## are you going to be in salnas all day tomorrow?
they out here next week bro bro at 1015 yee.

## where are you taking your mom?
like if you stand with hillary!

## which hillary am i to like/retweet?
god her campaign is disorganized....

## with a team optimized for the event or any team?
lmao when i looked it up i saw that.

## seriously?
gas chamber, an enclosure used for the execution of prisoners by means of a poisonous gas..

## how was the rest of the show?
it was v good.

## well then i guess that explains it,but what it doesn't explain is y hasn't he been arrests in 8yrs?
fake.

## others besides spade plugs?
i demand angela makes her return, we need our needless garbage before digimon, we also need dated songs, and a rap.

## he's not disciplined enough?
just handwritten letters things.

## where are the tax returns?
release pre-2014 returns.

## u never stated ur team tho?
i'm a tennessee fan.

## u coming?
i wanna sit by u cuz i know your movie snack game on point.

## like y'all know how desperate  in need of validation y'all look like you need?
y'all ain't celebrities, aint noone trying to keep up w/ you.

## got it boy?
thanks to my top interactors!

## small flash?
of the four presidential  vp candidates, the only one to explicitly endorse the saudi bombardment of yemen is kaine.

## wow, are these all new college grads?
nah.

## you seen any of the bud light nfl beer cans around?
nah, wsup man.

## where at?
hahah like theyre gonna recognize u like a homie or somn hahaha.

## bra what is a man without his ego?
it's fragile but it makes you.

## is this the highest level i can attain?
am i truly limitles.

## if there's really such thing as "non-contagious bacterial pneumonia," how did hillary catch it?
deplorable lying hillary.

## small flash?
it's your phone; i don't doubt your experience, but mine has been that performance improved from android 4.0 to 6.0 ..

## yo how do i receive my kobe and jordan my team card?
i only got the 100,000 vc.

## should i actually buy it?
12 no shipping..

## yet you ignore the muslim hadith about killing jews behind trees?
no, you're ignorant.

## should i actually buy it?
12 no shipping..

## does it trip you out that no one ever found the zodiac killer?
because it really freaks me out.

## and how someone profiled him to be a black man and the police potentially saw him and didn't suspect him bc he was white?
if you live in california go look at the moon!

## how did she know she didn't send or receive any?
touche', joe, touche'..

## she threw it at you?
lmao.

## and how someone profiled him to be a black man and the police potentially saw him and didn't suspect him bc he was white?
also how there was probably 2 zodiac killers, a real one and a copy cat and no one had any proof on either.

## once meat cleaver man is white, right?
he better has be....

## cant those tests detect things like periods?
you can have mine thay case.

## britney spears and lady gaga aren't friends" then how do you explain this?
w8 @ this being fire as hell wtf.

## haha what'd you do?
you should've thrown hands.

## aint he at a concert?
o.

## srsly?
wow.

## opinion so far on recore?
def gotta get that nba 2k17 as well!

## double tap square bruh, just like 16 rt, bruh is there no more hop step?
i meant the jumper.

## why u hatin?
harry reid throws tantrum over trump on senate floor, 'trump is a human leech' - breitbart says the vile pos reid!

## is he afraid of alienating some hard-core racists in his coalition?
i dont draw any of my furries w glasses anymore i wonder what that means.

## wtf did you want jimmy fallon to do?
teach me your secrets.

## so you're vegan but you still drink water?
that's a fish's house.

## how do you manage docs and discoverability inside of an organization?
at some point clone  ack -r falls apart.

## looking to book a family room, can you add a rollaway bed to sleep 5 in this room?
thanks.

## why so much hate?
happy birthday to my favorite person ever, my person i love you baby!

## what's the best height and weight this year for a center?
go with the stretcher or glass cleaner.

## you tryna scare me?
halloween is next month....

## which one of these is you?
jimmy fallon trending for his absurd interview with trump.

## aren't all tonight show interviews absurd?
it's comedy..

## who says i do?
that's that brown water.

## do you really believe that the us tightening immigration policy will cause other countries to stop trading with us?
you seriously...

## setting up a hackintosh?
but jimmy fallon has a far broader reach, especially to plebs who don't read but do watch the telly and vote..

## do you really believe that the us tightening immigration policy will cause other countries to stop trading with us?
you seriously...

## who is the other candidate?
i will be supporting him..

## u don't like ur hair dark?
i gotta let my hair live lol  i don't like that my blonde isn't fully gone.

## have you done it before?
yep; have hackintosh several laptops, reverse engineered and even wrote some drivers for os x from scratch.

## what gives?
bulls or knicks pick your poison.

## successful in the global business world by being a raging racist?
he has proven that he can put those issues aside.

## why are people so mad at jimmy fallon?
the problem isn't that trump is on tv, it's that he's a presidential candidate..

## ll you really believe all that stuff?
i thought bernies were smarter than that.

## who doesn't?
oh yeah i forget.

## why wouldnt he like trump?
trump is an adorable deplorable.

## but here is the thing, you still havent made an argument as to what good a racist president would do?
ima hit the r2 button and hit her with that coom cock.

## why isn't anyone appreciating the fact that jimmy fallon messed trump's hair?
come on, people..

## anybody?
tracy ranked 15 lower than turlock in ca and 7 behind pitman.pitman has barnes back!

## ok i am worried 'big' 'bigoted' 'orange' ''4 yr old' how old are you?
maybe to much sun when flying that kite..

## ohhh, froggy trying to be funny?
i like the word idiot.

## umm- everything okay?
thankfully not me.

## why you hatin?
now that's an awesome mom!

## by 'winning'?
someone press this guy on specifics, looking at you debate moderators and hc.

## why the hate on fallon and trump?
it was a great show.

## why are people surprised he was kissing trumps ring?
surrounded himself with good people is all..

## so, you should write drunk, edit sober, right?
asking for a friend..

## oh you verified?
happy birthday jizzle, i'm sorry i'm not tech savvy like u and don't know how to make lil videos but ilysm.

## what would you pay to see the funniest thing ever on the internet?
my eternal friendship and endless laughter.

## will a 3000 mile us wall keep out those who want to do harm?
amazing show at the rickshaw tonight - love choreography and thanks for saying hello to all of us after your set!

## where can i read that?
lol.

## where ya headin?
back to nm for like...

## it's too late in the game to respect people's wishes?
ugh james f'd up not playing for himself.

## did hillary discriminate against minorities in her youth?
ok will do i miss u hella lol 3.

## what white nationalist racist campaign?
trumps campaign is one of peace and love.

## what white nationalist racist campaign?
trumps campaign is one of peace and love.

## a honda pilot is 50k?
ummmm.

## for 1.5 days there?
too long for me =p i'm flying to okcity in november lol only 375 miles.

## a honda pilot is 50k?
ummmm.

## why do white supremacists love you?
it's so funny seeing trumpets defend jimmy fallon, saying its just for comedy.

## a honda pilot is 50k?
ummmm.

## right?
car prices are weird these days.

## whos ready for me to drop some new music who wanna make some visuals for the music?
why don't we make a video using this damn drone of mine.

## haha how are you?
miss you too hope everything's going good.

## what?!?
the damn nerve!

## are you back on pulgas already?
but why are you awake.

## roses ans?
get off my grill.

## aren't they pricey?
there was a huge spider by my window and i ran away for.2 seconds to grab a chancla and the fucker is gone.

## does the arlesdale railway have brakevans?
great example of asking tough questions to both sides.

## was there an event tonight?
it is 3am  the phone is ringing in the white house- america can rest assured will be awake!

## people tell me i'm crazy and that some shit is bound to happen to me but honestly?
idc.

## ready for friday?
yesssss!

## arse castle?
i sketched a druid bear wearing panties.

## wtf were they waiting for?
welcome,!

## does this look like the face of an abhorrent presidential candidate?
fuck fallon..

## did he slow jam trumps immigration plan?
bruce so sorry for your loss..

## or has he met u?
i know eric is on the 'five' but steve doocy no doesn't sound familiar.

## can you imagine jimmy fallon doing that to potus or hrc?
fallon, subconsciously, showing, he doesn't respect trump.

## why you hatin?
electing a president is not easy until now there is no question that djt should  will bthe next potus has all qualifications.

## you do understand that jimmy doesn't hand pick guests right?
your insults are going to the wrong person....

## why?
fear/paranoia of getting attacked..

## when's he last time you beat me?
this bus could drive 350 miles on a single charge.

## so the bang bus porno movies are now going to be 5 hours instead of 2?
i need to know this shit!

## thou hath herb of healing?
i doth posses an array of thy healing herb.

## what does a black band have to do with anything?
the chinese subs of ep 122 are live; if i can turn off subtitles on this file i'll have a raw....


> [simpleQA end]
